 Non-delivery of parcel prr no. 195385SirI booked household items from chandigarh to vijayawada jn (Bza) on[protected]Unloaded on 6th august 2017 at chennai central on 6/08/2017 train no 12688) i received one bike. But, 3 cartoon boxes not given. So please find 3 cartoon household parcel number 945385.Date of parcel:[protected]Parcel no:- 945385From station :- chandigarhDesignation centre :- vijayawada jn (Bza)Name :- sreeram naikPhone no:- [protected][protected]   
 3 trolley bags stolen in train running from ltt to hatia in coach no s12 seat no 49, 50, 51. Between 4:00-5:30 am 3 luggage trolley bags stolen in running train from llt to hatia somewhere between manmad / kasara/ nasik. Train no 12811 today dated 03/09/2017. 2 black trolley bags & 1 blue trolley bag containing valuable items worth 15 to 20 thousand each. Kindly do the needful in this regard.Place is manmad or kasara or nasik where bags got stolen.   
 I was travelling from dehradun to kathgodam via train no. 14120 ddn-kgm-express pnr [protected] berth a1-13 a-14 on 24.06.2016. I suffered a loss due to theft at night on that train. Unfortunately there was no security to whom alarm could be raised and when informed to the tt all that he could help is suggest me to lodge a complaint with the station grp.Attached herewith is a copy of fir filed with kathgodam grp. I, further filed an online complaint with railways vide ref. No. W/nr/mb/[protected] to which they have simply agreed to refund recovery of rs. 1, 500/- (Copy of letter attached herewith).This seems as a joke as, i have lost valuable of rs. 65, 000/- and had demanded rs. 1, 00, 000/- from railways for loss of my valuables and the mental agony and pain due to their lack of security and safety.I appeal to you, to hear my plea and help me in recovering an appropriate compensation towards my valuables and mental agony from the railways due to their laxity.   
 The water cooler in the piravam road railway station is working intermittently.. There no fan except two, in the platform. No enquiry counter/ resting room for reserved passengers. The public grievance officers land line no.[protected] and the email i'd is not working inspire several efforts. Then what us the usei of this information display. This said to be adarsh station by some people.Please do the necessary for addressing these deficiencies.AsokakumarlPnr no.[protected]     
 I have booked e tikit dated 29/08/2017 train no.11015 pnr no.[protected] i received massage train no 11015 ltt-gkp kushinagar exp (Of 29/08/2017 sch dep 22:45 hrs) is reshedulled to 11:10 hrs on 30/08/2017 inconvenince regretted. But train not run that time & no any other masse. To send me from railway. So i am not travel that train & i miss the train because i don't know new time please to refund my fair rs.610/-   
 I am regular passenger of indian railways. I travel by train frequently. For last 10 years, i travelled throughout india.in my experience, i observed that many passengers are being disturbed by people, who have snoring problem in train. Due to loud snoring by some passengers, remaining passengers are not getting sleep and getting irritation. Therefore, i am herewith giving a suggestion to avoid this problem. Kindly ask the following question to passenger in reservation form.Do you have snoring habit? Yes [ ] no [ ]If passengers tick yes [bracket], kindly put them in a separate compartment or allot their berths separately. RegardsVenkateswara rao adabala   
 I was coming from bidhan nagar road to dumdum with a friend of mine. He was going to barasat. After standing along quene at ticket counter of bidhan nagar road (Counter 2) a lady told me that she will give me only one ticket inspite of paying her full money of two tickets. I told her she should give two tickets.. Where is the problem... At the end she refused to give both of the ticket... Then i have to buy ticket from atvm machine. I dont what kind of problem of her... For these of people indian railways always have a bad name...   
 Ac coaches should be placed either before or after the sleeper coaches and not in between. I was travelling in train no 15027 maurya exp and i got confused about where my coach (S5) was. I got too late finding my coach since the ac coaches were placed between the sleeper ones. Due to lack of time, i almost missed the train. So this must be taken care of. Arrangement of coaches in 15027 is like this time, s1, s2, s3, s4, b1, a1, s5, s6... This is not in arrange way... Please solve the problem... At night also ac coaches are closed... How we can go s1 to s6 at that night time... Finally no any benefit for this confusion coach arrangement.   
 Dear sir, i booked ticket (Train no.13226, coach no c1) from rajendranagar to barauni. Ntes shows train 13226 is cancelled between barauni and jaynagar that means it travel from rajendranagar to barauni and ntes also show train is running but in actual half train cancelled and remaining train running from rajendranagar without any information give to passengers. All passengers from c1 and other coach passengers are mixed.All passengers are in big trouble and feel very bad. It is very big mistake by indian railways.Please find attached photos as a proof.Please do needful action against all staff.   
 Respected sir,  Sub: ticket issuing clerk as a contractor employee belongs to koratty angadi railway station belongs to trichur district behaved with ugly words & arrogance, rough talking about want of a two tickets for my wife & daughter on 26.08.2017 urgent basis.Dear sir,  I am an retired employee of indian oil corporation ltd, daily i am depending on a passenger train morning guruvayoor - ernakulam in the morning at 8 `o' clock and the evening by alleppey - guruvayoor at ernakulam south by 7.35 pm.  Now, i am working as partner of indian oil dealer of vimal gas, palluruthy. Our zap code is 117744.  My complaint is about ticket issuing clerk of mr. Babu. Whenever the train comes not issuing the ticket on urgent basis as a man of human resources. Last six months back also, i am faced the same problem. Whenever i am get in ticket he is not issued ticket and talked with ugly words in early morning. This type of talking i am feeling too much. I am also, making the same complaint earlier your complaint register with u. U r not taking any action so far. I have already lodged this complaint this matter over telephonically by your contractor mr. Manesh sebastian. Also the passenger assoication peoples. Ticker issue clerk also, telling me not give complaint register while issueing ticket. Wait for train left only. These type of man won't allow worked with a contractor employee will face so many problem. Do the tickets some polite manners in the early morning. So many students going without job. Never appoint as retired employee like babu... Whats the vision for railyway about daily passengers...? Then onwards i am not taking seasons ticket also, ernakulam south. My. Id. No. C10ebtg1f5. Last 40 years travelled as passenger train.  May i request to u please issue the following details as apply for right information act. What the proceedure...? Koratty angady railway station.  1. Work order no. 2. Contractor name & mobile no. 3. Contractor employee details & mob. No. 4. Last month 3 months collections. 5. Last 3 months exps details eg. 01.04.2017 to 30.06.2017 6. Last 3 complaints register copies. & and already lodged a complaints  Original from compalint register. 7. Contractor employee bio - data copy. May i request you enquired the details and reply your confirmation. Do the needful as early possible. My good friends with in railway for your ready refference. 1. Kousal s. Rly chennai mob no. 090031 60010 2. Cicily s. Rly, ernakulam south mob no. 97465 98598. Now & then i am contacted for eq release for the above persons. For your ready refference & n. A. Please... If i am writing any worng words forgive me... Sorry for the delay for lodged this complaints i am with gst issues...Thanking u, Ever loving yours,, George thattil, Koratty. Mob. No. 98467 51026.   
 My complaint is about parking charges of car at aurangabad railway station. I dont know is it authorized by railways or not. They will take charge rs. 24/- even for 1 minute, even they provide receipt for the same. On 27.08.2017, i went aurangabad railway station, for 5 minutes they have taken rs.24/- as parking charge. I just want to confirm is it authorized by railways?   
 Respected sir/madam,  Myself and my wife traveled in palnadu express, from secunderabad to guntur. We observed the theft happened by the opposite passenger with seat no : 29 who also boarded the train at secunderabad and wants to travel till guntur. He hanged his overcoat on our handbag and after a while he kept that overcoat on the luggage carrier. Suddenly he got down in piduguralla station. Actually we did not notice our loss immediately. After we got down the train when were checking everything we came to know that we lost gold ornaments pouch which is inside our handbag.  We request you to please find out the person and get our gold ornaments back. Please kindly consider our complaint as we lost 48 grams of gold in total. My details are below:Pnr : [protected] Name : ramakrishna naralasettiTrain : palnadu expressTrain no : 12748Boarding pt : secunderabadArrival pt : gunturCoach : d1Seat no : 34, 35Date of travel : 28 aug 2017 (Monday) Ramakrishna n Nrkrishna.1953@gmail.com [protected]   
 Dear sir, myself krishnapal bind a employee of gail (India) ltd. I have mst 55436539 dated 14.06.2017. Uts bom8buh31h for 3 months & travelling from vishvamitry to bharuch. On 29.08.2017during travelling in memu surat-ahmedabad 7.00 pm i have loss my wallet including identity card, dabit card, visiting card & some money. Request for n. A please. My mo no [protected] & e-mail id kpb04583@gail.co.in   
 My train no. Is 12144 from sultanpur to ltt Date is 28 aug 17 departed from sultanpur but 4:25 hrs late but Today is 31aug 17time is 11:02am but not reached in ltt becoz route is diverted vai pune But 15min chalate 3-4 hrs rokte hai this is not fair abhi pune mhi pahucha Bhook lag rahi kal sham se but kuch nhi soch rahe ye log Please kuch kare yaar...   
 I have booked my ticket in 2ac now i have recived msg that my ticket move on to 3ac i have booked in tatkal i cant even cancel the ticket i dont want to travel in 2ac there is now law in india? How u the system allow to change coaches like this this happaness 2nd time with me check itTrn:18110Dt:31-08-2017Frm asr to rmtCls:3aP1-a1, 12P2-a1, 11   
 I have booked a ticket in train no. 12484 (Ex asr-kcvl) vide pnr no. [protected] on 26/8/17 and paid rs.679.12 vide txn. Id [protected]. On 27/8/17 i hv recd. A message on 9.42 am that the train has been cancelled. At 12.50 p. M. On the same day i recd. Message that now it will run on dt. 27/8/2017. No time mentioned. I inquired from the railway inquiry on ph. No.[protected] and got to know that train left at 1.20 p. M. From new delhiPl. Let me know how can i travel in that train for which i was informed earlier that it is cancelled. You are requested to refund fare paid for the above mentioned train ticket and also compensation for cancellation of my appointments due to wrong information shared by you.   
 Konark express of 29th august was delayed by a day. It was rescheduled thrice, but didn't depart from cst. Suddenly it departed from kalyan station without any prior notification to passengers from railway. Online status was also not updated until the train arrived at kalyan. For no mistake of mine, i couldn't board the train due to negligence of indian railway. My reservation was wasted.   
 Hi team, This is regarding my counter ticket cancellation issue.I have booked below pnrs on 14th march'2017 using my sbi debit card.I have cancelled all mentioned pnr numbers on 7th april'17.Since i have booked this tickets using my sbi debit card, i didn'tReceived any money in hand and got informed that amount will be refundedIn my sbi account (I. E. Electronic refunds). Yesterday i called to posCustomer care:[protected]Pankaj) and got informed that pnr statusShowing as amount refunded on 8th april'2017. But, i haven't got anyRefunds yet.Also, i have sent several mails to : posrefund@irctc.co.in for the same, but there is no further actions taken by any team till now.Attaching my sbi bank statement and you can see allTransactions from 14th march'2017 to till date. KindlyInitiate below refunds. [protected] — amount to be refunded:rs.1830/-[protected] — amount to be refunded: rs.1650/-[protected] — amount to be refunded: rs.305/-[protected] — amount to be refunded: rs.280/-Total pending refunds: rs.4065/-It is been more than 120+days and there was no credit done in my sbiAccount. Here with attaching the counter tickets and my bank statementAs further reference. Kindly take necessary actions.Regards, RaghavenderPh#+91-[protected]   
 Yesterday I miss train due to destination change by railway in Sewagrame Express .I book ticket from SBI buddy .while cancelling ticket SBI buddy refuses to file TDR .and told me to contact irctc.Whie irctc not shown my book ticket history. How I can get my money Refund back ?Plhelp me ..as no reply received from SBI buddy & irctc also.I paid money to railwayBut Refund not get.I need my refund back.my pnr nose are.1)PNR-[protected]Trn:12139Dt:[protected]Frm KYN to AKCls:SLP1-S9, 67P2-RC, S9, 23Chart Prepared2)PNR:[protected], TRAIN:12139, DOJ:29-08-17, SL, KYN-AK, Dep:15:58, RITESH SHIRBHATE, RAC 45, Fare:340, SC:0.0+PG+INS+AGENT CHGS, IF ANYPl help.   
 My family aboard a train on 28th morning from valliyur train no 16340 mumbai exp which was suppose to reach dadar by 8 30 pm 29th aug 2017 still it's not reached it's already 6 am of 30th aug 2017 no railway authority's is answering on the complaint number provided this the ridiculous answer by the ticket examiner empty the train get into local how people with luggage and small children's can travel through in such situations rail authority's has to take some serious action 182 1322 138 is just an number it's only ringing but no answer... Seriously ridiculous   
 Railway staff who provide bedshit n pillow speking abuse language in train 12114 near g6 boggie. As ladies n children r der so its very shamefull. I dnt know why they use bad language with each near g6 coach. As max peoples are sleeping still talking in abuse language very loudly. Pls resolve the issue as soon its embaracing to hear those words. Hoping for the action.   
 Wrong information from ernakulam railway station parcels service they said to get the parcel from bangalore railway just give the receipt number i'd proof and phone number and take the parcel and if want i could even give a scaned copy of the receipt when i went to the parcel office they told me to get the original receipt from ernakulam and the office staff in bangalore are so lazy they don't hear or respect any customer they don't need the i'd proof or nothing if in case i lost my receipt and somebody gets the receipt do they give the parcel to anyone without any proof who ever go with the original receipt that's fine no matter if it's the wrong person very bad service the staff's are very rude   
 It's a request not a complaint:We should get note in news update or notification from indian railways through their indicator apps for delay of trains.Reason for this request because of sudden delay of trains whether its in during the monsoon season or with any other reason, there has to be some notifications. Even if we reach office late by 5 mins we have to bear/ sacrifice our half day salary.In other countries, the train travellers get physical note if the train get delay so they can show in their office. We are just asking for notifications which should be reflecting in the railway apps like m-indicator or p-indicator on the basis of location.Hope such sensible point will be consider and implement for the benefits of common people.   
 Due to wrong railway policy of charging penalty from evening 6:00pm to morning 10:00am, i paid extra rs. 140/- against prr no. ([protected]), i paid the penalty rs. 826/-, i came at indore station, 6:00 pm at the time of counter closing, but parcel office people did not entertained and asked me to come again next morning at 10 am.. Which includes my own late charges, but if railway parcel counter is open then only penalty is applicable, why this orthodox policy is befooling the common man, plz refund my money with lots of difficulty and inconveniences charges.Plz find both the attachments. And resolve the matter asap.   
 I travelled on 28.08.2017 at 12.38 pm from manmad to ahmedabad in sl with ahmedabad express 16501/16502Where i was found housekeeping people's intentionally playing with dust bean and it's sounding loudly and we are carrying my small baby girl (Less than two month old), many time she was start crying whenever this guy's are sounding, i request them please don't do that i have baby with me and she is struggling to sleep bcz of this intentionally sound Please make a appropriate action to avoid this type of issuePlease note baby will be the heart touching for every one %#   
 I travelled from ambala kent to ahmedabad on date 10/08/2017 -11/08/2017 with train no 12474 in sleeper coach s/4. As i need to use standing toilet, i used standing (European) toilet of adjoining coach s/5. Firstly i cleaned the toilet as it was not flushed by previous user. One could not use flushing as there was no connection of flushing system i. E. Vertical pipe with flushing valve to w c pan. Water flow system was also closed for flushing pipeline. This seem to be high negligance of maintanance department at end stations by inspection as well as supervisory staff. There must be system of inspection as well as supervision for long route trains for such sanitatio issues. I could not photos as the size of photos were more than 2 mb.   
 I along with my mother were travelling in train no. 12957 on 27th aug 2017. Both are bags got stolen, thief stole the cash from the bag, kept the bag back in its place, thief got so much time just because of the involvement of the staff members obviously. My whole bag got stolen containing 4k cash my cr card, pan card and two gold rings worth rs 5ok.What kind of security is there in 2tier ac.Kindly look upon the matterSeat no. A3 19/20Lalita raniReetika kataria   
 Respected sir,  This is to inform you that my father mr. Anil kumar saxena, retired railway (66 yrs.) person got upper berth and side upper berth for my mother mrs. Naveent saxena (62 yrs.) and both person are senior citizens then also this happen to then, my father is heart patient and mother is having problem of discslip in back. So kindly consider my request for berth changement. Ticket details are as follows:Ticket no.: 03990489Pnr no.:[protected]Date of journey: 02.09.2017Class: 2acCoach/berth no.: a2-34 & a2-36Train no./name: 12404/jaipur allahabad expressThanking you, Arvind saxenaS/o. Shri. Anil kumar saxena, (Retd. Railway)C-109, street no.8, west vinod nagar, Near saraswati kunj apartment, New delhi-110092Mobile: [protected], [protected]   
 Sir, I, barun kr paul, am using uts mobile app since 1 year. My mobile number is [protected]. Last 1st august, 2017 i tried to recharge of amount rs.100 in my r-wallet from online transaction using debit card. My transaction was not completed but money was debited from my account and recharge was not done. I approached to local railway station but they told me that they are unable to help me. Even i approached 2 railway station named phulia, shantipur but they told me that i can not get my refund because i transacted through internet. My question is why have they put the option for online reacharge? So i need your kind help to get refund.Thanking you.   
 Dear sir/madam, In pandavapura (Mandya district) every morning (Especially on first working day of the week) the queue to take tickets will be very big and the ticket is being issued in only one counter. Most of the people will not get tickets before the train comes and they have to struggle to get tickets and some of them have no option other than getting in to the train and they will try getting tickets from the next stop. So, its a sincere request to provide one more ticket counter. Please do the needful as soon as possible.Thanks, Residents of pandavapura   
 Sir i booked my e tickets on 16/08/2017 from bhopal to nagpur for travell on dtd. 27/08/2017 by gondwana express no.12410 and back on dt. By train no. 18237 chhatisgarh express. Due to voilence in hariyana & punjab, baba ram rahim conviction case. On 26/08/2017. I made enquiry from 139 regarding train no. 18237 either it is cancelled or not. It was told that train has been cancelled. As my return train cancelled so i cancelled my both tickets. When i cancelled my e ticket from nagpur to bhopal it was appeared on computer screen that train is cancelled so your request is taken and refund will be processed. But on 27/08/2017, i received a sms that chart prepared and you have been alloted seat p1-ha1 cabin a upper from ngp to hbj. So due to mis management of railway system i am compelled to bear monetary loss. So please investigate and arrange my refund immediatly. Bn khambra.   
 Sir! I am travellers from mulacalacheruvu to secunderabad in tirupati superfast train. I am travelling in a disabled box. Here there are a lot of non disableds travelling in disabled box. Even there is no room for disableds. Some of the nondisableds have acquired all the seats. Please help us to have us enough room. Next station of this train is kadiri.   
 Sir, This is really very disappointing to deal and travel with indian railways. Sorry to use such language but i feel really very bad about it.On 26th august at 10 am i booked a ticket on tatkal but for the date 27th august not for 28th. As my real sister has expired and his terhvi was on 28th of august. That's why i booked the ticket for 27th and to reach dehradun on 28th morning with my son. But the ticket which came in the form of sms is as follows...Pnr:[protected], train:13009, doj:28-08-17, 3a, lko-ddn, dep:18:25, S k singhal+1, b3 41, b3 44, Fare:2340, sc:0.0+pg+insNow i dont find any use of this ticket and i just could not attend the terhvi ceremony there in dehradun.Now the cancellation of tatkal ticket is 0. Now you tell me i have been harresed by railyays as my money has gone and i couldn't even attend the ceremony also.Secondly tatkal ticket can be booked 24 hours prior only. Then how it has booked my ticket 48 hours prior??. This shows the error of your software.Now you are requesed to refund my whole money immediately Thanks S. K. SinghalRetd. Govt service.   
 Dear sir, My father, sri debabrata sengupta cancelled one railway ticket in the month of february 2017. Till date the refund has not been done. We have patiently waited for too long, hence we are forced to send this mail to you.Hope the money will be refunded soon. Please find attached the copy of the cancelled documents for your reference.Kind regards   
 Sir have taken prs ticket pnr no [protected] date 27/08/2017 train no 12138 from lar to hbj from tikamgarh prs counter but now the train is cancelled but when i reached to tikamgarh prs counter today for cancellation about 9 pm today but the railway staff refused to cancell and he did not know the rules and also said that counter is closed today and near by counter is about 55 km far away. U are kindly requested to take action for refund   
 Sir.I went to boinda, odisha reservation counter to book a ticket from howrah to talcher via bhubaneswar on 31st of august 2017. Howrah to bhubaneswar in train no.12837And continue journey in bhubaneswar to talcher in train no. 18507.In the continuation format. But the reservation person refused to book the continuation ticket. He said you have make two different tickets for it. This station is not upgraded to continuation format I am a doctor in near by village. And to make a ticket i have to come 50 km from the village. And if this will be said. Then what is the other options.Please take appropriate action against it   
 I am a student i am travelling from bharatpur junction to fatehsinghpura date 25/8/2017 between these station my bag will be theft by any person my mobile and earphone and money also theft and my notebook also in bags i take enquiry from all grp station from hindaun to swaimadhopur but i not get enquiry about it so sir help me and i have worked in my notebooks so my reading is disturbed i also have written my address and contact information on the front page of my notebook   
 Sir, My train is 12557 from gorakgpur to delhi vide pnr no [protected] on 26.8.2017 at 18:30pm but on ntes it is showing late by 02 hours 10 min so the time is 20:00pm as per ntes. But when i reached station the train left the station on 19:30pm. Ntes is sowing wrong info after that it shows correct but train left. Please refund my amount rs 2470.   
 My son loosing mobile phone samsung galaxy young on 23/08/2017 in waiting room delhi. Some body is taking that mobile that personage mohan lal. I kindly request you to return that mobile.My number is[protected]. If any body found kindly send below addressH l suresFlatno 105, first floorQuality raga appartment5th main mahalakshmi layoutAnanthpura, yelahankBangalor 560064   
 Dear Sir, I’m writing this mail in order to bring the matter of misbehavior by one of the ticket examiner at Durgapur (dgr) station on the morning of 26.08.17.On the morning of 26.08.17 after I got down from Mayurakshi Fast Passenger (53046) at Durgapur station, I was asked to show the ticket by one of the ticket examiner at the main exit at Platform no. 1. After I handed the ticket he examiner cancelled the ticket & refused to hand me over the same citing some law. When I asked him that how was I supposed to claim by travel expense he rudely replied that it was not his lookout & pointed towards a box where it was written to submit the tickets in it. He also took me to an office where he showed me a register where details of some tickets were noted but he could not show me any memo/notification/written record which could support his claim.Yet when I kept insisting for the ticket he threatened me to arrest me & keep me in custody as long as required as he is the representative of the president of the union of India & he has the authority to do so. At this point of I was so exasperated that even I asked him to arrest me as he was preparing to lodge an FIR against me on the ground of causing hindrance to a railway official while discharging his duty. Now another senior official rushed into the room & asked the examiner to let me go & asked him to get back to his workplace as he had left the exit gate un-manned. During this entire period he kept yelling at me hurling derogatory remarks at me. Only after the other person intervened, his voice became soft & he advised me either to ask my company to write a letter to the railway ministry asking for numbered ticket or simply slip out of the station through any un-manned exit without being detected.Now, my question is, is there really any law like this & if so, is there any official notification there ? Everytime I requested an examiner to return the ticket I was given so without any questions being asked. Here I was threatened with prison time & was mis-behaved only for having to know any particular law. I was also told that I was not invited by the railways to avail it’s services.I am writing this report with this expectation that my grievance will not fall in deaf ears & no other passenger is harassed like this.I am attaching the ticket for which all this has happened.Also this particular examiner didn’t have any name plate on him.With regardsAbhradeep Goswami   
 Very bad conditions of coaches leaking water into the coach when raining. I am traveling from kota to kannur by 22656 coach number s4. Some catering person entered from panvel station and serve food at 1200hrs one egg biryani charged for 85/- with out having any name of vendor nor having pickle or any side dishes. I already complaint the same matter of rathlam station but the action didn't taken by your authority till date. What are you persons doing by opening this type of website having customer satisfaction of 1%. Please work for improve the quality of indian railway   
 Respected sir, I am an army personal and i had booked my bike hero splender + and four house hold goods on 04 aug 2017 from ambala vantt railway station to tuticorin city railway station against my journey ticket. A total of five items including bike. I have understood that my luggages and the bike has been off loaded at ambala cantt railway station. But all my items are not recieved on till date that is yet 25 aug 17. The pnr no of journey ticket and the luggage ticket are as follows:-Journey ticket pnr no:[protected] date of journey:- 04 aug 17Luggage rr no - 107671 date of booking:- 03 aug 17Type of vehicle :- motercycle hero splender + ba no hr 2y 8153 Withought petrol covered with gun. Bag.Items details :- three house goods pakge and one steel boxTotal items :- five (Including bike)E-mail :- karuppasamy154@gmail.comTele no :- [protected]Mob no [protected]   
 On 25.8.17Shatabdi express arrives at agra cantt at 9.55 pmLeft at 10 pm 45 minutes late.After ten minutes food served was cold and staleNot worth eatingBad curd.It is surprising that no care is taken to serve good quality footing premium trains.You are quick to charge dynamic fare how about increasing the quality of food served or that is not your duty. You just want to charge for but do not want to provide better quality food.Your catering manager refused the complaint bookDr fateh singh Coach c 3 seat 9 shatabdi express   
 I have booked ticket for 2 person having PNR no. [protected] Train 12151 Date of journey 25/08/2017 in 2 A. C. from Bilaspur to Raigarh under current reservation. Our tickets were confirmed in coach no 1A and seat no. 14 & 15.On request to provide the bed roll, coach attendent refused to provide the bed roll. We requested to provide atleast one bed roll but he didn't turn up.   
 New delhi railway station par bike parking walo ne apni man man i kar rakhi hai 1 din bike parking charge 100 rsAb ko. Din bike khadi kare to 300 rsLoot khori macha rakhi hai Kuch bolo to aage se ladne ko aate hai or bolte hai Railway se baat karoCour ko in par kar wahi karni chahiyeHad hoti hai kisi chiz kiLoot khoro ki kami ni hai desh me   
 Dear sir/ madam i have book material from dehradun(ddn) to jhansi(jhs) @ 11 august 2017 by train ddn mdu sf exp.(12688) for run 12 august 6:45am.But my booking material has not deliverd to me at jhansi junction. I have registered complain and go daily at station for my missing parcel. But material has not deliverd to me and parcel cell did not tell where is your, material when it will be available. Please recognize my materal and help me.-- booking material by name--national cable network-jhansi booking by catvision ltd parcel way bill no. - l 829032 (attached) booking date- 11 august 2017sunil kumar [protected], [protected]sunilkuday@gmail.Com   
 No response from railways has been received till date for finding my missing lugage as per details below I was travelling on 30/7/17 from jammu to ferozpur from train no 19226 under coach b2 and seat no 48. There was a family along with me in that coach bearing all the seat no's except mine. I have doubt that the family along with me in the coach has mistakenly taken my bagKindly help me in finding the luggage.   
 Sir, we have journey ticket from muzaffarpur to kolkata on 24/08/2017 from train no.15052.in railway app train timing show 19.07 runnig late but unfourtanetly train depart from destination right time.. We have faces many problems for this information.in supporting i attached image of time show by railway. Pnr no: [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected]Kindly take an action on this... And we want fully cancelation. With hope of a positive response   
 Irctc refund claimTdr details Transaction details  Pnr no. Total refund to be made [protected] : 770/-  [protected] : 905/- [protected] : 1450/- [protected] : 1330/- (50% payment recieved for this pnr)Date of journey: 02/02/2017 Train no: 12409 Train name: gondwana expressFrom station: gondiaReason for tdr file: train delayed by more than 6 hours (Train actually departed by 12 hours delay)Kindly make necessary refunds as now it has been more than 6 months from filing tdr.   
 Dear sir / madam, It is requested a that there is railway station near lucknow, which is non stopping and due to which a lot of trouble and accident happens in often at the station by train number 14209 and 14210. People wants to get down due to near home near utrathia stations. So it is requested to kindly make regular stopping station for the train number 14210 and 14209.To avoid hassle free environment.Thanking you, R. K. Tripathi / 94544414786   
 Please refer to my complaint no. 1661765 sent to you on 14/7/2017 and complaint no.1664143 sent to you on 15/8/17 regarding non refund of money on cancelled chhatisgarh express train with doj as 13/7 and 7/7 for up and down journeys from and to amritsar. As per the railway rules the ticket amount was to be automatically transferred to my account but i am sorry to tell you that it has not been done so far even after a period of 45 days. Both the trains are shown in list of railwaywebsite for cancelled trains  Http;//ncr. Indianrailways.gov.in/print_section. You are requested to please look in to my case and inform me  The status of my two complaints no. 1661765 and 1664143  Thanking you  Narinder singh mail - nsingh 2011@yahoo.in Date ; 24/8/17   
 21.4.17 ko delhi cantt. Rail reservation centre par tickets book karavate huey muzhey clerk dwara bahut harrase kiya gaya. Time morning 8am. Thaa.  Huaa yeh thaa ki ek hee naam kee 6 ticket book karani thee. Unohone kewal 2 ticket accept kee.Mein dubaaraa line mein lag ke aayaa unohoney 1 ticket lee.Mein fir line mein laga unohoney refuse kar diyaa. Jab kee peechey aur koee khaas rush nahee thaa.Unohoney muzhe kahaa kee doosree line mein lago. I msenior citizon. Muzhe non senior citizon ki line mein lagne ko mazboor kar diya.Jab kee woh kaafi der tak free thee aur doosron ko bhee disturb kar rahee thee.   
 I have cancelled my ticket online dt 23.08.2017 about 1:15 am and railway also conformed me through sms my mob. ([protected])  In the 1st morning i want to durgapur reservation counter for refundable amount with original ticket but reservation staff refused me for the same, also t tell me that it is concern to shalimar prs. It is not to be possible to me to get refundable amount from shalimar, i cancelled my ticket due to illness it is not to possible to go shalimer prs.Train no. 22849, train name - shm sc wkl expPnr no. [protected]   
 My material was booked from ambala to mbd bility no. J239833 on 21/09/16, but railway staff mentioned wrong bility no. On that parcel, due to which it was lost and we made complain on the same spot.Now railway informed that they hv recd the material in mbd, but they are not releasing the material, they are asking for unnecessary charges. Mob no. [protected]   
 This case is of march 2012, and wanted to inform to railways that my wife was traveling from gadarwara to kurla mumbai in rajendra nager express, in which we lost jewelry around inr 5 lacs that time, we have raised our complaint by filing fir, and zero fir at kurla mumbai.The theft had happened near manmad junction, However there has been no result for it after 5 years also, the fir has not generated any results and could not get our lost jewelry.I want to complain here after seeing the recent thefts in rajdhani express, wanted to say if we pay a higher price for a second ac, how there is no proper safety provided by the railways, most of the thefts happen in 2 tier ac compartments where there is a lesser crowd.The irony is how some one can get inside a coach and steal our valuables.This loss has brought a lot of distress in our family, my wife lost all her jewelry and we were asked to run poll and pillars for making a fir which was also a tiresome task.I was also going for a legal option to go against railway, however, dint do it thinking that there could be no recourse and it is already 4 to 5 years to that event.I wanted to bring to your notice the kind of dilemma we face and there has been absolutely no recourse available if we are unlucky affected ones by that event.I hereby wanted to ask whose is the primary responsibility for safety in trains, especially where we pay extra for additional comfort and safety, why we are put at higher risk than the ones in 3 tier ac or for that matter sleeper.Hereby if there has been proper checks and control in place that time we wouldn't have lost our jewelry.Security cameras should be there at least in a 3 tier ac compartments. Have thought railways being government will never take the responsibilities because person effects are to be taken care by passengers, however, if there are trespassers who perform such act responsibility surely lies with railways.   
 Hello! My issue about railway is.. Being a regular passenger of local trains, i'm facing problems because of late run of trains. I catch a local from titwala everyday (Titwala to cst - 7.53 am) but this train reaches at 9.30 to 9.33 to dadar which is late by 15 mins everyday. So, today i caught train at 7.30 but this train also reached at dadar around 9.30 which should be reached at 8.52 as per it's official time. And railway management do not take any initiative to announce that trains are running late despite there is a facility available in trains. Why everyone should face this problem everyday? What kind of management is this?Can you explain or do something about it?? Indian railways   
 Dear sir, Is their any hope that i will get justice?On of your railway staff in ecr/hjp harassing us continuously and no one their to help out.Our case is pending in account section since long and when i approach him to look on it - he scolded me and told me to go out of office and also told that your file will not forwarded as i will not look on it (Mean it will stuck in office artificially) the gentleman name is ajay kumar ([protected]) he works in account section.Pls look on this matter and take hard action against him. So that no one dare to pollute the working environment of railway.RegardsManish   
 Dear sir, i am a ladies from kanpur. When i was travelling to kanpur by jammu tavistock 12470 express on 22/8/17my bag was stolen away in between lakser to muradabad station. Near about 8000 rupees and one mobile phone sumsung was lost. The same was happened with 2more people in the compartments s9and s3. When i got down to complaint at coach supervisor no response i get please enquire the same and kindly take immediate action.Hope this will be considered seriously Truly yoursAnkita singh   
 I tried to book 2 senior citizen tickets online for me and my wife in 2ac in doronto express. It showed 50 berths available (In two 2ac coaches). After making the payment, it asked you are getting berths in 2 different coaches whether you want to book? It happened four times, my amount was deducted 4 times, each time it asked the same question. Again same thing happened when i tried to book two senior citizen berth 2ac in august kranti rajdhani from nizamuddin to mumbai central. This time it showed 84 berths available but again my amount got deducted and it asked about berths being booked in two different coaches.I have never seen such a shabby treatment to senior citizens from indian railways. What is wrong with irctc system? Is it malfunctioning? Why senior citizens are being targeted in this way?Also there is no guarantee that even after availability of so many berths we will get the lower berth. Does indian railways want senior citizens to climb up the upper berths at this old age? I think indian railways instead of moving forward are going down and down.An unhappy frequent traveller.Raj kumar sethAge: 67 yearsMumbaiPh: +91-[protected]   
 I had cancelled 2 tickets on 3rd aug 2017 at asansol railway station.I was booked the ticket at asansol railway station through pos. So they told that the payment will come to my account only.But still i had not received the payment.Please refund my payment as early as possible.Thanks & regards, Rajasree banerjee   
 Name of complainant: karthigeyan bDate of occurrence:[protected]Place of occurrence: between salem to dharmapuriTrain no. & name: 16574 & ypr express.Bogie no.:s10Pnr no.: [protected]Nexus 5x, imei no.:[protected]Motox: imei no. Unknown.Total worth: 46000/-We were travelling from pondicherry to bengaluru.We have ensured that our mobile phone was with us at around 2.00 am. But at around 3.15 we have noticed that our mobile was stolen.We have informed the railway police in the bogie s9.He asked us to register a complaint or call 1512 to inform about the theft.   
 I was travelling from dhanbad to chennai via dhanbad express 1335, sleeper coch s2.in this journey i suffered a lot because my mobile was shutdown and in my coch there were no charging slot. Apart from my compartment every compart has charging slot. So i request to railway board plzz provide charging slot to every compartment because u r taking same money to every passenger   
 Iwe are senior citizens who had booked by the above train to bengaluru city station from toranagallu on 21.08.2017. Initially we got a message that the train is delayed by 4 hours. Thereafter it kept on getting delayed. Even the telephone calls to hubli railway station master did not yield any correct information. Ultimately there was a delay more than 7 hours and we were staying at donimalai township and at that time to find a conveyance and reach the place was almost impossible. When we attempted to apply for refund of the tickets, we were informed that tdr has to be filed within 30 minutes. Forget about the rules, there is no consideration of being a senior citizen of more than 74 years. My pnr [protected]. Because of this delay i had to cancel my onward reservation to delhi by rajdhani and incur further cancellation charges. Is this a public service by a government transporter? This matter has to be looked into and refund granted.RegardsRamamurthy   
 I have cancelled my railway ticket (Credit card sbi) on 21/7/, 17Pnr no-[protected] and [protected]Pnr no-[protected] dtd 14/7/17. The amount appx rs 2580 not refunded yet.On railway tucket counter reservation clerk told that refund amount will be transfered in credit card account within 7 days. Till date i have not received... Pls do the needful   
 Dear sir, This is to inform you that we could not attended our upward journeyTrain due to train late on route.in this regards we had filed a tdr atKharagpur railway station in due time.The details are as follows:-Journey date-30.06.2017Pnr no-866-0327579Train no-12833From rourkela to howarhPnr no-650-2891503Train no-12345From howarh to guwahatiTdr filed at kharagpurDate-30.06.2017Time 20:40Tdr no-197750 But, till the date neither refund has taken places nor anyCommunications from railways end.Please resolve and arrange to refund my money.We have attached the photo of tickets and tdr copy for your ready reference.   
 Dear sir, i would like to draw your kind attention towards the city side parking stand of kanpur.in the receipt, they have not mentioned the motor cycle/scooter charges per day. They r charging rs 20 per day. I am attaching here the copy of receipt. Pl do needful. Pl take necessary action to avoid any problem to passengers. They r charging a day from midnight.   
 Sir, I booked on line tickets as per below detail from ajmer junction to bareilly junction, we reached ajmer junction before 2 hour at started timing of our train. We talk railway inquiry, he told us, your rain has been cancelled due to heavy rain & your payment will be return in your account within five days maximum.Pnr no booking date boarding date train no train name station from station to amount rs.[protected] 28th june 17 14th august 17 15716 garib nawaj exp. Ajmer jn. Bareilly jn. 2190[protected] 9th august 17 14th august 17 15716 garib nawaj exp. Ajmer jn. Bareilly jn. 365Kindly instruction to concern person, to refund above tickets amounts.With regards, Saleem shahMob. No [protected]   
 Hi,  This is a suggestion on reservation which will really improve the standard of our railway service from customer point of view. Let's say i am travelling from rasp (Rasipuram) to hsra (Hosur). But normally i will not get confirmed ticket from rasipuram to hosur. So i book it from sa (Salem) to hsra (Hosur) and boarding at rasipuram with general ticket. Ideally speaking fare from sa to hsra and rasp to hsra is same which is rs.140. My suggestion is why should i need to take general ticket in case if the fare is same.. Instead you can provide Some options like reserved from here to here and boarding at some point in case if the fare is same. If the fare is not same then you can include the additional cost for rasp to sa in total fare. I know all dumb people only sitting in the government and you don't even understand what i'm trying to say since i have faced lots of irritating foul response from many department customer interface of government of india. I'm already worrying more like why did we got freedom atleast british would've run corruption less government even i'm not offered free stuff from government.. Please consider this request with some value and do the needful.   
 At platform no -1, the escalator staff who is on duty at 5:30, 20-8-2017 upward escalator behaved very rudely with me and my husband, we travelling with two little kids, iam handling my kids at the escalator and my husband is carrying the luggage with one hand and holding the sides of the escalator, he asked to lift the luggage with the hands how can a person holds luggage without any support, when we asked why? He switched off the escalator and started arguing since there is heavy rush we have done according to him, if my husband fells down (Patient) what happens? I would really like to know whether railways has introduced any norm that luggage should not be kept on the escalator with a hand on it and it should be lifted up in the air without holding the sides of the escalator.   
 My reservation ticket was confirm on 18th aug 2017 from ramgarhwa station but train was not come on that day. On that day i went to raxaul prs counter for refund my ticket money but prs counter man did not refund my ticket amount due to link disturb. I have request refund my ticket amount manually but not refund my ticket amount.Please refund my full ticket money.   
 Sir, i am azeem sheikh have booked tatqal counter ticket from ltt in hatiya express on 19.08.2017 at 18:23 hrs for sleeper birth in train no - 12811,  Pnr no - [protected] (59 numbers of birth are available). This seat is damage and unable to sleep. Today i'm very tired but i can't sleep in this damage seat i'm very upset & disturb it's all because railway taken my full payment but not fulfill costumer (My) comfort.   
 Respected sir, Scr rly, authorities not taking any action for development of gdv (Gudivada) station of surrounding area. The station vacant land is blocked with dirty ponds. People who live there suffering with pollution and bad smell with mosquitoes and other insects. The track sunk by these pools in rainy season. Therefore honorable rly minister mr. R. Velu announced on that time (1980) for lunching of wagon repair sheds over there. But the bza (Bezawada) authorities solved the problem at mtm (Machilipatnam) station which is nearest station to gdv and they removed the polluted pools in mtm (Machilipatnam) station.So we are requesting you sir please take a good decision for gdv station vacant land for useful.Thanking you sir.   
 Respected sirWith reference to pnr no [protected] ticket was booked on 22/7/2017 for travel date 15/8/2017 train no 12936 surat bandra inter city for 3 person the ticket was issued showing original wl 14/15/16 and current status wl 8/9/10 and then i was regulary checking the status on the site one week before the travel date the status shown on the site that ticket was confirmed till the day before the travel date the status was confirmed and all of sudden when i check the pnr on the day of travel before 2 hrs when chart was prepared i was surprised the status of my ticket has changed and it shown the current status as wl 9/10/11 and as it was e ticket my ticket was canceled Respected sir i am surprised how the wl status as increase instead of decreasing and how my one week before status has change which show that the ticket confirm and due to that i was fall under great trouble to travel with the family taken unreaserved ticket and not that all With out my fault they have also deducted the cancelation charges for the ticket without giving any services instead of giving compensation for the trouble which i have to suffer due to railway fault they are still penalising meKindly look into the matter and do needul by giving the explantion why it has been occured and kindly refund my canelation charges at it was not my fault and it has occured due to railway fault   
 Even after traveling for 2hrs the ac is not cooling and maintaing a temp of 22deg. The temp is approx to 27deg which is not sufficient. I have complain to tte but no action. This is making my body immunity low. So please take proper initiative urgently. I m traveling from scl to agartala on 19th today. My seat no is pnr:[protected], train:55664, doj:19-08-17, 3a, scl-agtl, dep:08:00, Kamal bihani, b1 56, Fare:450, sc:0.0+pg+ins   
 Ject: bikes parcel issueDear sirGreetings of the day!!!I am ravi kumar from m-11 saurabh vihar jaitpur new delhi 110044. O would like to informed you that i am bike parcel hazrat nizamuddin to kte my lt prr number is [protected]. I am travelled train no 12281 and my bike parcel booked his train when i reach destination station my booked item not received while i am pay extra charges because bike urgently required my transfer to mp. So what is this gap between parcel or staff.Kindly due to request you please resolved my issue because i am servant of public and indian army if i am not reached location you don't know expecting how much misbehave by staff.Why parcel staff are sleeping. I hope you resolved my issue as soon.Ravi kumar[protected]   
 When we, with old lady oparated with knee joint came from coimbatore to madurai by train 22668 on 18/08/17 at about 00:20 hours on 19/08/17, the train embarked on platform no: 3. We found that nethier the escalator in platform no: 2/3 nor the battery car was working and exit esculator form stationo also not working. With much pain we got help from a porter with wheel chair and got away form the maduai railway station.There were lot of such old persons unable to claimb up stairs and come up or go to platform no: 2/3 in the odd night hours.16733/rameswaram - okha express was also getting stopped at platform no: 2 at the time.When i approched the station master on duty, he informed that "the esculator opertion will stop at 22:00 hours everyday. The battery car has been put on electric charge and will be ready only after two hours.I requst suitable remady in future please.   
 Fir for mobile theft along with sim cardDear sir, Reference to above subject, my brother's phone (Galaxy j2 gold with gold cover) 16.08.2017 around 1.200 am.At plateform number 1 during me nd my brother waiting for bandra to bhavnagar terminas train.Ime no. Are[protected] and [protected]Please help me to locate the phone.My contact details is as follows:Name: nitesh joshiAddress: 13 third flor geeta nagar 1 punagam surat 395010Contact no. [protected]. [protected].[protected]Best regards, Nitesh joshi   
 I travelled in 19307 ina1 coach from agra to chandigarh Pnr-[protected]Trn:19307Dt:[protected]From agc to cdgCls:2aP1-a1, 6 (Change birth to 23)I lost my pandrive while sleeping on birth if the staff found it can send on my address or give to station master chandigarh. And inform me with mobile or email. Please enquire the bedroll attendant of that coach he might have found while collecting bed rolls. Please do the needful.Bharat bhushan   
 Respected sir, I had booked a ticket (Pnr no[protected] through your counter at chapra & payment was made through my debit card. Due to some reason the same ticket was cancelled on my request on[protected] at lucknow. Near about sixty days is going to complete but tdr not received to me. Kindly resolve the issue at the earliest please.Thanks & regardsManoj kumar singhMob no-[protected]Email id - mksinghsignals@gmail.com.   
 I am travelling by train no. 12495 2nd ac coach today. There is no security of luggage and people. Vendors are roaming around the coach and disturbing people and their privacy. Attendant also doing nothing on this issue. Kindly look into the matter.Also on request of many people, attendant is not responding on issues and saying this train is like this only.   
 Sir, on 12th of this month with 2nd class reservation ticket, reached pune railway stationat 1230pm, and waited in the sleeper class waiting hall till 2am, as my train for coimbatore at around 0215a. M., put on my mobile for charging, when i came back from loo, could not found my phone. Searching for it, had reached for station manager, he says, not concerned with phones, that duty is grp,. On approaching g. R. P. They r sleeping, saying that come back after 7a. M.in the morning. At last around 0830 a. M. On 13/8/2017 they gave me a copy of f. I. R. Please note that on particular night there was not a policeman found on platform. Every day in pune rly station 8 to 9 cases of mobile theft cases. Please do need ful.   
 I booked two tickets from indian railway counter and cancelled then as per the legal procedure. I received tdr for those tickets from the station master and i send them at the respective mention address over their twice but no response receive till now, no authority is going to response me well.Please provide me the refund as soon as possible, Details of tds are attached with the complaint.   
 I lost my wallet in train. A passenger named sujith. He saw and gave my wallet to the tc. My train name is sabari express. I traveled from guntur to katpadi on 15th august 2017 at 5:20pm. The tc traveled from tirupati to salem. I want the tc details. Please accept my request. Thousand rupees and an atm card are there in my wallet. Please send his details. Iam a student in vit university. I belong to n block in vit university. My room number is 120   
 The sign boards presently displayed on the sides of train compartments show various train names, and destinations. This is confusing the passengers looking for their particular train. This also creates the risk of passengers boarding the wrong train. The problem is aggravated for those who are not familiar with the regular local trains or are new to the place.It is suggested that only the relevant sign board is installed in the particular train so there is no confusion created. This was the method adopted earlier.   
 The printing of details on the train ticket (Train no., from, to, date, time of boarding etc.) are printed in very small font making them unreadable by those who are sight impaired and senior citizens and are putting them to hardships. They sometimes take the wrong ticket or take the wrong time to reach the station. It is suggested that the font size of the printing is made larger to make the details easily readable by passengers.   
 I booked a ticket on train no 12521 to chalakudy. Departure time should be 11:50pm but at the time i reached station there was a notification that the train will be arriving at 4:20am and i was not informed or got any sms as i have booked online through irctc. I was waiting there for almost five hours and at 4 am arrival time changed to 5am and again 5:20 and again 5:30... I was waiting in the station for 6 hours.. If i have got the information early i could have saved my time.. This was very irritating and no one was there to help or in the help desk. This show that railway service has 0% customer service... I need a refund for the long waiting and for 0% customer service...   
 Hi, I was travelling in jaipur pune express (12940) on 15-aug-2017 with my wife from ramganjmandi to pune.My pnr number was [protected].My birth number was 25/26 in coach b-3 (3ac)I have been allotted a middle birth.in the middle birth there were 2 hooks which support the birth but in my case one hook was broken, i am attaching the images of the broken hook. I notified the problem to the coach attendant but he was rude to me, after that i told my problem to tte, after 2 hours of struggle around 12.00am midnight he allotted a seat to me in other coach (B1 - 52). First of all i had to leave my luggage and my wife in coach b-3 and had to travel alone.My wife was sleeping and around 2.00 am midnight coach attendant came with one home guard and he was trying to adjust that police guy on middle birth which was broken. My wife opposed to it but still he was forcing her to adjust that guy on middle birth. After so many arguments he went from there. But due to that incident my wife was not able to sleep whole night, she was scared too much due the behavior of the coach attendant. Even tte instructed him that birth should not be allotted to anyone.Coach attendant already knew that the seat hook was broken before but no one paid attention to that It was too much for me i have paid complete charge to railway but was not able to sleep for a minuet due to this incident. Why railway is too much careless about all these, fares are increasing like anything but the service is going down.I have wasted complete money for the ticket i could travel in general coach.I have seen one of the coach attendant was drinking whisky in the coach.You have to take legal action about that coach attendant.  — Thanks, ​​Kshitij [protected]   
 I entered irctc site on 15 august 2017 evening and booked for a ticket from hwh to bbs. The payment from my sbi account was made through internet banking mode. But the ticket was not issued as the internet connection was poor... I think.. And till now it is showing as follows:In booked ticket history... No mention about the ticketUnder my transactions... It shows as follows:Booking transaction id	 booking status100000945071382	 payment requestedToday is 16th aug. What shall i do? Please help.   
 I have booked two tickets for gorkhapur to secunderabad on dated 14/04/17 and 05/06/17 and paid the fare amount by swiping my debit card in railway counter. But due to some domestic problem i cancelled the both tickets on dated 04/06/17 and 07/06/17. But refund not received of cancelled tickets pnr no. [protected] and [protected] till now. Tickets were cancelled on 04/06/17 and 06/06/17.   
 My self varun kumar singhI am traveling in train no 15098From jammu to lucknow date[protected]When i selep my purse take by thief in my purse 6000rs and pan, atm, adhar, and some documents and i am say to grp but not find my purse what can i do ofter 70 years of freedom railway not do anything they are helpless than please suggested me what can i do if possible Name-varun kumar singhVill-jamin meghaiPo-azamatgarhDist-azamgarhE-mail-varunsingh7007@gmail.comMob-[protected]-[protected]   
 This is to bring to your notice that the passenger trains running towards bangalore from bangarpet line are always delayed and stopped at unscheduled places along the way. These trains are used as the only mode of transport by a lot of private sector employees like us, for whom timeliness is very important.Please fix the issue as it causes a lot of negative impact   
 I boarded 12447 on 15th august 2017 from jhansi to nizzamuddin.. Pnr status for one passenger was waiting 3 and for other reld in 3rd ac. We have paid the money and still not able to sit inside coach and somehow managing in very difficult way whereas there was a girl with ticket of general and tt took her inside and gave her berth.. Is this is what supposed to happen with a passenger who paid the full money for third ac and on the other hand other girl with general ticket have been supposed to be provided the berth. Today i am disappointed a lot with my indian rialwyas.. Shame on you   
 I used to travel in dhanbad express 13352 train. Several times i have noticed sleeper coaches are dirty, uncleanness as much as drainage. Even berths will be dirty, damaged and full of dust especially side upper berth. Berths are filled with musiquotes even in running train. People are suffering alot with the mentioned. Please take immediate actions to correct this.   
 On 15th August, 2017, i am waiting in Cuttack station ...Why Barbil Puri schedule time 5.45pm that comes Cuttack @8.10pm why delay???Goods train are passing in front of me..we are passenger totally ignored. Who will see this..I am suffering huge upset both mentally & stress from family due to delay, after all i am a tourist & rest of the time out of drain.Stop this type of harassment. Railway authority plz check the actual behind It.Thinking you   
 Sir iam booking two ticket on date25/05/17and29/05/17through my credit card and I cansel29/05/17. Pnr no is [protected]. And. [protected]. But after two month we are not receive refund. Amount so I'm request to you to refund my amount as much as possible. Thanks. Rajkishore kathua. Mob no [protected]sir I meet researvatin suparvisear meny times but no response so please solve my problems   
 Dear Sir  I booked my train journey by Chhattisgarh Express on 7/5/17 for journey from Faridabad to Amritsar with PNR no. as [protected] and DOJ as 7/7/17 in coach S-1 of train no. 18237. This train was notified as cancelled through railway website http;//ncr.indianrailways.gov.in /print_section  and in national newspapers also The reason cited was that some interlocking work is going on in faridabad station area When we consulted railway officials about refund they said that since the train has been cancelled by railway the refund amount in this case will be automatically transferred to my account which has not been done so far even after a lapse of one monthThe website of cancelled trains - http;//ncr.indianrailways.gov.in/print_section ( Ref sr no, 23  Now after a long and very tiring wait I have been compelled to bring it to your kind notice why the refund of my money has not been made to me so far and why I have been made to suffer so much for no fault of mine .  So I request you to please take immediate action in this regard and make refund payment to me Thanking you Date 15/08/17Yours faithfullyNARINDER SINGH Mob no. [protected]E mail - nsingh2011@yahoo.in   
 Hello.I was travelling to Jodhpur on 1st June 2017, however due to heavy rains and rail track issues the train was abruptly cancelled on Mahesan Railway station.Please review details below:Transaction ID: [protected]Train No./Name: 12480/SURYANAGARI EXPPNR No [protected]Date of Journey: 01-Jul-2017Class: THIRD AC (3A)Ticket Amount:2500.0	Ticket Type:E-ticketReason For TDR: Train Terminated Short Of Destination.TDR Filing Date: 02-Jul-2017 13:11:09 HRSTDR Status CR RegisteredCancellation ID: [protected]TDR Zone: NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY (NW)Registration No:[protected]	As conveyed to us by your representatives that we will get full refund however inspite of filing TDR on 2nd June, we haven’t received the refund or heard from you guysPlease confirm when we will get refund for this ticket.Regards, Sher Singh   
 Sir, I wish to inform you that insufficient bedding is carried in garib rath. Therefore it is upto the attendent whom to provide bedding and whom not to. Some passengers therefore are left without bedding. It is therefore requested that sufficient bedding be carried in garib rath trains and everyone gets the same on payment be ensured. My pnr no.816 1638434. Traveled by nagpur pune garib rath on 11/8/17 g 12 coach Thank you   
 Dear IR, I have noticed that after GST implementation, break journey and circular journey are discontinued. Neither government nor railway advertise this thing, why. It is stated that due to gst technical reason it is discontinued. I as a common man strongly condemn​ this move. How can raise this issue to prime minister. At least citizen has right to know what bad effect are of gst. Tks. Rajeev Singhvi   
 Dear sir/mamI cancelled my rail journey ticket on feb.24, 2017 which was issued against swipe machine during demonetization.it is assured by clerk that the refund will come directly to your account.i did many request mail to concern rail authorities but couldn't get my refund back till today.i am worried about my refund money rs. 1780/-details--ticket booking date-31.01.2017cancellation date-- 24/02/2017PNR NO. 242-7620294train no-18206 Nautanwa Express.booking station- raigarhjourney station- pratapgarh to bilaspur   
 Sir, I have booked a Railway Signalling item"NDT Fuse" from railway parcel booking office at Patna. The material has booked from Patna to Mathura Jn having RR No. [protected] on 16-Feb-17. The material is packed in 03 boxes at Patna office but at Mathura Jn I have received only 02 boxes of material. The parcel officer said that only 02 boxes has been unloaded at Mathura Jn and no further information of 01 box is available on website as well as at parcel office. I have tried to search at Mathura Jn but did not find the box. I have tried to file a complain on the number provided on Parcel India website but they have told me to put a complain in Mathura. I have further tried to complain at Mathura but they are telling to put a complain at Patna Parcel office. After so many effort I'm unable to locate the exact position of the material. For your information I'm attaching the RR copy along with the current status of material on website. So I request you to kindly look into this matter and do the needful so that the material can be retrieved.   
 I am working as a sub inspector of government railway police in telangana state ❨ mancherial, railway police station❩. I have registered a case against a person under section of ndps act and seized 4kgs of ganja on 2nd august 2017.in this act seizure panchanama should get conducted in presence of a gazetted officer. On that day local gazetted officers were not available at mancherial area. So i opted rly doctor of bellampally named m. Naveen. I have contacted him on phone, he accepted to do panchanama and advised me to send a requisition letter by hand. I have sent a letter by two constables on bike to bellampally which is about 22kms far. But he rejected the letter and used unusual language and replied that he is not willing to do panchanama and challenged me to take any kind of action which will fetch him nothing. I requested him for much time to be a part of controlling drug activities but he did not consider my words. With disappointment my constables returned to police station.Then i have sent a requisition letter to ramagundam rly doctor named deepa, but we faced the same problem. Both doctors didn't even touch my requisition letter, the whole day of my service on a case has been ruined where i have faced troublesome to answer my seniors. And these kind of irresponsive replies are repeatedly happening with the doctors.These doctors area comes under my rly police station jurisdiction that's why i opted them.Sir, we all are working together for our country, we have to bound to law. Without the support of other departments we can't prevent illegal drugs transportation.Sir, please take necessary action on the above two doctors who are not responsive towards govt. Duties.Thanking you.   
 I was travelling in train number 24369 triveni express on 11.08.2017 from shaktinagar to bareilly with pnr number [protected] in ac-2 tier coach and went on my birth number 18 and kept my travel bag under birth number 13 when the train left chopan station. Birth numbers 13 and 15 were vacant up to mirzapur or vindhyachal station and one family occupied the births at mirzapur or vindhyachal station. When i reached my destination rampur and unlocked my travel bag, i found a big cut inside my travel bag and found the sweet box which i had purchased from shaktinagar since i had gone to rampur fixing my daughter's marriage. I also did not find my money amounting rs. 9700/- (19 x 500 + 2 x 100 notes inr). I had seen the coach attendant several times during the night. The theft has occurred between chopan and mirzapur and i suspect that the coach attendant may be involved in the incident.   
 Sir, my name is siva, I BOOKED 4 TICKET OF 3AC BY TRAIN 12727 BY PAYING RS 2360 through credit card FOR 3 AUG 2017 BY PNR NO [protected] FROM visakhapatnam to secunderabad.due to some problems i went to visakhapatnam station for cancellation of two tickets. but in counter they said that due to GST some swiping machines was introduced so cancellation cannot be done here. so they said that ticket was made through CV in secunderabad so it will be cancelled in secunderabad. then i asked how can be it done after complition of travelling, then they said that we will give it i eturn on back of the ticket with stamp by showing it will be done. now secunderabad railway nilayam persons are telling that after travelling it cannot be done, they said tht vizag station persons are bluffed me. now i'm puzzled. how can railway persons can do this type of bluffing to passengers pls consider my complaint and help me.   
 Dear sir, This is very painful & unethical from railways side, kindly note1. Theft of my wife purse from running train, train no-59802,, we was travelling from jaipur to kotal, valuables of nearly 500 rs. And some very imp. Documents like pan card/voters id card got lost along with my mobile phone. Mob. No. Is [protected], i call on this no. Firstly continue ringing but after some time. That no. Call switch off or no reachableKindly help meRegardsAmit mishra[protected]   
 Dear Sir  I booked train journey by Chhattisgarh Express on 7/5/17 for journey from Amritsar to Ballabgarh(BVH) with PNR no. as [protected] and DOJ as 13/7/17 in coach B-1 of train no.18238. This train was notified as cancelled through railway website http://ncr.indianrailways.gov.in/print_section.jsp?lang=0&id;=0, 4, 268&dcd;=1612&ofid;=0 and in national newspapers also . The reason cited was that some interlocking work is going on in faridabad station area When we consulted rly officials about refund they said the refund amount in this case will be automatically transferred to my account which has not taken place so far even after a lapse of twentyfive days After a long and very tiring wait I have been compelled to bring it to your kind notice why the refund of my money has not been made to me and I have been made to suffer for no fault of mine . I am enclosing a copy of list of cancelled trains as displayed on the railway website So I request you to please take immediate action in this regard and make payment to me due to the negligence of a few people. Thanking you 								Date 12/08/17 Yours faithfully NARINDER SINGH Email - nsingh2011@yahoo.in   
 I booked ticket in18567 from rajamandry to chengannor on 9/8/2017 for 7/12/2017.But account debited ticket not issued. Then i again booked the tkt. I made a request to irctcto refund the amt. Of rs 891/80 debited. No response.Again booked tkt from chengannor to rajamandry on 12/8/2017 for 10/12/2017. This time also account debited but tkt not issued. I made a complaint, no responsePl look into the matter   
 Early morning train from Una to New Delhi The Ticket counter told the people that we have no ticket the ticket will be available in the train...but no he lies a great lie once passengers are on board ...The Ticket check and what ever the man called how checks the ticked ask for the ticlet and passengers were like the counter did'nt give one but the Ticket checker said that you have to pay the fine and the fine of the seat for one person in Rs900 ..so indain railways are not that good even the platforms are like #### ...   
 Reference train no:16338, coach a1, travel date 10th august 17, We boarded the train on 10th august 17 from udupi and was horrified to find the condition of the toilets so dirty and imagine we had to travel in the train for the next 33 hrs unable to use the toilets and the fare which we had paid is 3030 per head totally 6060rs. Instead of travelling in such a pathetic condition we could alighted a flight and travelled comfortably. Swach abhyan everything seems to be only in paper and words but the condition of the railcoaches, bedrolls and the toilets are the worst unbeatable, please see to that the railways take up the matter seriously.   
 There are so many peoples in Ranthambore express 12465 traveling without ticket. No TT is coming no policeman is here. So much congestion is here. Reserved ticket persons have to fight for their seats from them. Please sought out this problem immediately. It's a very bad experience. Irctc have to look for this purpose. No room for legs. It's very very irritating to travel with Irctc like this. Nobody can go to washroom in this type of train. Very shameful for you   
 Hi, In hafeezpet railway station (telangana) the parking guys are charging heavy amount. Today I parked my two wheeler from 1.20 PM to 4.20 and parking guy has asked for 40 Rs/- where as in parking receipt 8 Rs for 2 hrs, so total I should not have paid more than 16 /-.I request you to take appropriate action against those who are involved in these forceful day light looting.I am attaching receipt copy which I got from parking guys.ThanksAroop Mahapatro   
 Dear sir/Mam, Mera Naam Aditya kulshreshth hai me bhopal se belong Karta hu, me recently Agra Aya hu job ke lye .Agra aate waqt Mene bhopal junction se 7th August 2017 ko apna luggage book karwaya jiska PRR no hai ([protected]), Train No. 14623 Jo ki muje 8th August 2017 ko Agra cant station per Milan tha ye Mene apne reservation ticket pe book karwaya tha .Per ye Abhi take muje nhi Mila hai aaj 4th day hai Mene Agra cantt station pe courrier office pe bhi baat ki per wo muje taal Dete hai khete hai Kal ana Kal ana .I have do private job in BPO (Intelenet solution Pvt lmt) humble request to you kindly look into this matter and resolve as soon as possible.For your reference attached snap of Builty, Ticket & along with Msg snap of luggage load.My contact number:-[protected], [protected]Permanent Address:-c-13, MIg, ayodhya Nagar bhopal.Current Address:-545, Sector 12 "c" awas Vikas colony, sikandra Agra (Up).   
 I was travellig on 12-08-2017 from etawah to kanpur central via train 12004 in coach C14. Half hour was passed and i was neither given a water bottle or anything to eat. I asked for it twice but still they didnt gave it to me. While making reservation i was asked about type of meal( veg or nonveg). They didnt even seved the refreshng drink. Either stop charging for meals (which is never given) or start giving it to the passengers rather than keeping it for making money out of it.   
 Sir, with due regards i want to draw your attention about railway crossing in bhauntikheda, which is properly manned. Problem is about barrier opening, gatekeeper replied that barrier is operated from panki. So every day betwwen 9am-1600hrs, it takes 1 or 2 hour for barrier opening, one time i saw ambulance standing for 90 mins due to this. And gatekeeper was unable to help. People are fedup with this, as railway is doing brilliant in all areas, please look into the matter, keep in mind problem of patients and daily walker. Thank you!   
 Today i'm travelling by train no.21125 that is indore-bhind intercity express from the source station indore in second ac class which is the higher class in this train.When i entered into toilet after 5 minutes of getting into train the toilets were so dirty than i checked 4 toilets all of them were so dirty that no one can even enter into it.After that the bedding provided to me the blanket was dirty and smelling badly.In place of pillow they give me bedsheets rolled into the pillow cover when i asked to change it the attender told he doesn't have pillow   
 Hello i want to proper service indian railway do you dont know about indian train only you big say on the stage but do and die is different, date 09/08/17 train from indore to jodhpor. My jourany from jaipur to degana, train came to jaipur 6 pm i sat the train and he start than only 30 min has gone after train stoped at near fulara sation the are stay 2 hrs beacuse any other train ingene missing the railway tace and all tains from jaipur to jodhpor are missing and passengers are very sick because the tain route change why are you change the route passnger are very sad and no body working in your rail so i need proper services he was alrady late 1 hrs.   
 Dear sir/madamI regularly use train to reach office. Due to which i prefer mst instead of regular tkt.But i face regular timing problem at h nizamuddin railway station (Tkt booking counter no 5 to 9). They have fixed timing 9am to 5pm for booking mst. Which is very difficult for working people to follow due to the fixed office in and out timingAs for other railway station, they don’t have this kind of time bounding for mst making. So there must some issue with this station staff. Its my humble request to please look into the matter, in order to have happy journey with railway.RegardsManoj kumarMob. No. [protected]   
 I bought a ticket of samta express, train no.12808 (2ac) from bhopal jn. To durg (Cg) vide pnr [protected] for journey date 21st july'2017.The train started late by almost 4 hrs. From h. Nizamuddin. I was tracking its position station by station but it was running behind schedule by almost 5 hrs. However, at bhopal jn. It was shown delayed by only 2 hrs. At approx 16:40 hrs. I cancelled the ticket and got a refund of only & rs.710/- out of rs.1430. Refund rules says that full refund will be given if train is late by more than 3 hrs. At a certain station.in this case also train was delayed by more than 3 hrs. At bhopal jn. Railway can check the records.Under the circumstances i request that full amount should be refunded to me. Thanking you in anticipation.Gn singhBkd-20Sector-9BhilaiCell-[protected]   
 Bpc stn (Sealdah div, er) refused to issue any return ticket on 11/8/17. The staff didn't show any reason and there was no notice issued by the station authority either. But other stations under this division are issuing return tickets. Return tickets are vital for many passengers to save time and last minute rush. Why we are not getting this facility? Does er not believe our time is valuable? Do we need to get in line every time for booking tickets? Kindly do the needful steps to solve the issue.   
 Dear sir, Parcel not receivedI have booked my parcel on 11th apr 2017. Parcel no. Prr#[protected] from railway parcel. It was booked from delhi (Dli) station to jaunpur (Jnu) on train no.15116. But the parcel is not delivered yet 3 month over so i request to kindly take action on high priority so that we can receive my parcel.I already raised complaints on 29th july and received notice no.[protected]. But still then did not give revert.Details:Prr#[protected]Date of booking: 11-apr-2017From station: delhi (Dli)Destination station: jaunpur (Jnu)Status: not receivedTrain no.15116Regards, Ashish kumar guptaPh.[protected]   
 Dear sir, Sub: fir for theft on train no 12488 smianchal expThis is to bring to your kind attention about theft on board train no 12488 train name - simanchl express on journey dated august 11, 2017 i along with one co-passengers pretti kumari were travelling from delhi junction to forbesganj cantonment, having boarded the train no12488 on august 11 2017 during the journey, near station patna, our hand bags (Camel brown and black in color medium size) having the items mentioned below were stolen from ac3 coach no ab1 berth no 9, and 12 (Pnr number [protected]) on august 11 morning 4:00 am when we were sleeping. No any tte is available in the train so i may not fir on tteAlso tte  I request to register this incident and take appropriate steps to recover our stolen hand bags with 5500 rupies, two mobile one mobile is moto e and another one is intex i am attaching the copy of the travel ticket for your reference. Details of item missed Brown bag1)	cash 5500inr2)	2 mobile3)	mobile chargerI kindly request you to look into the matter and take appropriate action on the same.Thanks & regardsVivek kumar[protected]   
 Dear sir, I booked my bike from Vijayawada to katpadi based on my ticket having or number [protected] on Aug 8 the. There is no information regarding the issue of bike whether it is loaded or unloaded. As a normal private employee I don't know how many times we need to rush to the station and checking or there is no updated information on my bike in Internet also   
 Train no 13019, DOJ-09 Aug 17, 3AC class, from howrah to muzaffapur.provided all 4 bed rolls were unsealed, bed sheets, pillow cover, blanckets in dirty condition, bed sheets were not pressed even.when i asked to attendent for complaint register then he replied jise batana h bta do ye raha bed roll ke cover pe no call kr k bata do.i called on that no but no any representative were available to receive my call.it shows dadagiri of indian railway and its staff...   
 @sureshpprabhu Sir mera bhai jharkhand express(train no _12874) se travel kar rha h...Is train ka schedule timing anand vihar se 7:45 pm h. But ye train 00:30 am delay khuli h..Train me koi security Ni h...Mere bhai ka mobile chori ho gya.Waise coach me bahot ke Mobile, kuchh ke pursue, Ik ladki ka mobile hath se chhin kr train slow hone ke karan utar gya.Net se railway ka complaint no 182, 1322, 1512, 1322 se help Lena chaha to kisi ka no Ni lag rha to koi phone hi Ni utha rha h...Sir please do something for passengers security in train.   
 Today night i have visited Bardra terminal for my namnagar exp. train and as i reached early i have decided to seat in upper class waiting area, where numbers of sofa's there. But all sofa set have lots of bedbugs i can not even seat for 5 mints on any sofa. I think There is no pestcontrol since long time and even housekeeping staff haven't clean it. Moreover here there is no attendent to attent any gest. I can say in mumbai this is my pathetic experience after paying lots of money on 3 tier AC but waiting zone are not upto the mark even toilets are not clean in waiting area. PNR:[protected], TRAIN:19061, DOJ:10-08-17, 3A, BDTS-ST, Dep:05:10, KULDEEP SINGH   
 I had booked my luggage at dehradun railwaw station vide journey ticket no[protected]Dehradun - moradabad);[protected] (Moradabad-ara) on[protected] for destination station ara. Lt n0-for luggage booking is 698712 but the same is not tracked and search result showed that this lt luggage not available in database when searched on portal[protected]. On[protected] luggage did not reached at ara railway station. On[protected] i again went to ara railway station luggage office. This time they told that it was since last three years luggage booking to ara railway station was not being carried out as it was stopped by order. They added that you should go ta danapur railway station. I went to danapur railway station. I checked with commercial office there. They informed me that they could not trace the items that day and asked me to come some days later. When i went back to danapur, this time they asked me to go to hazipur rlystn. I gave a written letter at hazipur as to my lost luggage. I am attaching booking receipt of luggage and letter deposited with hazipur rly stn. Along with these i am also sending receipt of two register letter sent to danapur and hazipur rly stn on 29-06-17. I had got phone call from danapur that they had received the letter and they would process but no such call from hazipur rlw station.   
 My name is deepsk sharma i have a scheduled travel on 17/07/017. As my train was late more than 7 hrs. I had decided to cancel my ticket and tried to get refund as the ticket was from counter i have contacted to railway station staff but he did not cancel my ticket even after many request. My ticket pnr no. Is [protected]. Train name is jyg anvt spl. So i would like to request you kindly refund my money and do needful against the ticket counter staff of madhubani station (Mbi).   
 Complaint regarding s. C. Bhattacharya, traveling by 1st ac coach (Hae/ha1) of 12229, bearing pnr number [protected]; from lucknow to new delhi (Ndls) dt: 28/06/17.No western style wc available. Torturous for a senior citizen with knee problems.No water in the toilets or basin, for major part of journey.No complaint book available, when requested.   
 I travelled from raniganj to howrah through hool express (Ticket no[protected]. The train arrived 2 hrs 30 mins left at howrah and so i missed mumbai mail.As i am going with my parents to mumbai for hospitalization reason. I booked ticket on samarsata ([protected]) on the same day.As i missed the train because of late of hool express requesting you to refund my amount.I am attaching the ticket of hool express (Which got delayed) and also the samarasata express (Which i booked because i missed mumbai mail)   
 I booked rail tickets through irctc from rohtak to shri ganga nagar vide pnr [protected] (Train no. 13007) for april 30, 2017 ; and return journey vide pnr [protected] for may 01, 2017 by same train (13008). On april 30, the train no. 13007 was late by more than 8 hrs. I had no option but to cancel my journey. I not only filed tdr vide ref. No. [protected]; i also got cancelled ticket for return journey with refund of rs. 25/- (Out of rs. 150).Under the rules, full amount is refundable if train is late by more than 3 hrs. And passenger had not travelled. But after 3 months, on[protected]. I have received reply/mail that my request for refund has been rejected due to the reason that the passenger had travelled. It is a classic example of loot and exploitation by the railways. The tte on duty has apparently misreported that i had travelled. The official has wrongly reported about my journey particularly, when i had got cancelled my return ticket also. If someone else has been allowed by him to travel, he must be taken to task for apparent corruption on his part.I am entitled for full refund, which may be allowed without delay.   
 The ac of the coach was not working. A complaint was raised on that day as well. I had raised an sms based complaint. Complaint number - s/eo/wat/000175935The ac staff had accepted his mistake, and a memo was also issued against him by the in-charge, in presence of coach attendant. We were promised a refund within 3 working days as well.But, we have still not received any refund.   
 As i was travelling in punjab mail and boarded my train from kotkapura and had to go new delhi. There was a lot of rush in the train and i was travelling with a general ticket but besides getting excessive fare ticket one of the police persons in the train who was not wearing his name plate misbehaved and misconducted with me as well as other passengers also on the issue to get a seat. Moreover he threatened me to throw down my luggage from the train and also said me to get down from the train as it was not possible for me to get down as the train has steamed off from the station. Its my request the persons who r for our safety if they start behaving like this with the passengers what will we do.   
 I am travelling from nellore to bangalore on 7th aug 2017 train no 12835. Normal arrival time was 18:56 at nellore.. But iam asking at enquiry they told that 1: 00 o clock it will come.. After 1: 00 o clock im asking they told that 4: 00 o clock it will came.. First of all railway enquiry people they don't know exact information, how to say to passengers.. Please provide correct information to passengers... If you say first time train was came in 4: 00 o clock.. I cancelled my ticket i will go by bus.. Why im waiting for 9 hours..???   
 I traveled from thiruvalla to chennai on 5th august, 2017 by train no: 12624 in 3 tier a/c coach. (B2, berth 44)I found tiny cockroaches just near the tap of the wash basin near the door! In the evening when i went to use the indian type toilet i found water dripping from the corner of the roof and later in the night it was dripping heavily from the top and also noticed the sheep on the roof was partially displaced and one of the screw was hanging and later in the early morning i noticed water leaked and was on the floor in the passage near the door of the coach and messed up.Unfortunately i forgot to look for the message containing the name and ph. No of the captain.   
 In tapivan exp 17617 from mumbai to nashik the unreserved passengers in reserved compartments have increased to such a extend that at times the daily comutters don't get up easily if you show your reserved ticket. They ask to adjust in the small seat of three. The journey is so short that it's difficult to locate tc and resolve the issue. Stringent action by special squad and fine will improve the situation. Please do the needful so that a meaning is there for reservation or make the whole train general.   
 I bought a journey cum reservation ticket for my family at ajani reservation office from nagpur to ksr banglore. Pnr no.256-2165050. For journey on 8.11.2017. I paid by debit card and was charge d. Rs 6030 for a3 (1adult m sr citizen 1 f sr. Cti and one adult citiizen).On 18.11, 17, i went to ajani r booking offfice and booked my return journey Banglor to nagpr pnr no 485-3984339. I paid by cash rs 4760 by rajdhani expFor the same three people. Iwas shocked to see difference in cost for the  (Rs 1270) i want to know why this has happened? I also want you to return the differance.   
 There is not any toll free number to know the details of train and its timings... And also if we dail railway enquiry number 139 it charges 2 rupees per minute. Many of the middle class people cannot bare such amount of call rate. Even though the persons voice is not audible... Some of the railway applications like (Nets) shows wrong information. So, take action immediately.   
 Dear railway department, My name is bhushan markandeya. I am traveling from aurangabad to nasik with second seating reservation at tapovan express. I am not able to reach at my sit because of so much rush of unreserved passengers in train biggies. Kindly increase no of general bogies and ensure reservation passengers safe journeyRegards, Bhushan markandeya   
 Sir, i travel most of the time in train but one train create huge pain for me or rest of the passengers. The train gonda varanasi intercity every he ran late why the passenger don't understand. Sir do the needful things. There is no water, no proper sanitation. And the railway charge heavy amount but not provided such kind of facility. Please sir do something. Today the train stand on shivpur station near about 45 min. With out any reason. This train runs late every day both up & down. Do some thing or you can cancel the train. For all time.   
 Hello!!! I'm sanjeev agrawal and i am handicapped there are many non disabled people stand in place of disabled either they argue with handicaped. There is no anyone who stand and offer a seats for handicapped... Please kindly considered as soon as possible. Please take appropriate action against these people.Train name-indore jabalpur intercity Departure timing-4.10 am   
 This train, 15070 supposed to reach at 11:30pm to gorakhpur from badshahnagar, is already running 3 hours late. It's 2:15 am and it's stopping multiply at random points near gorakhpur station. People have become restless now in the middle of the night, and one is still not sure if it'll reach the station (Which is only 5 kms away) anytime soon. Shame indian railways! And we can't even have reasons for this!   
 Why train no. 14308 barlly prayag pasanger not Come to station lucknow jn. From alamnagar station since last 2 hrs. Distance only five km. If you have not station for this train please please stop this train. Train arrived alamnagar at 22:15 and till now 11:53 train is not come to station... Plz plz stop this train every time when i was travel from this train... Facing this problem... Plz   
 I was travelling by train no. 12785, on[protected] from kacheguda to bangalore in a2 (Ac 2 tier) & last birth (Birth no 44). My pnr number is [protected]. I had paid rs. 1800/+ for tatkal services.There is an ac motor above this birth which continuously making humming sound (May be 1 k hz frequency). It was unbearable for ears and i just could not sleep for a minute but i got very severe headache after the journey. I sought the assistance of ac mechanic who expressed inability to do anything as this is very common in last birth of all coaches.In fact i deserve refund of ticket for the inconvenience caused to me. Hope my complaint is taken seriously.Regards, R jayaram (65 yrs)Pnr number - [protected]   
 I booked two tickets at dkntv railway station using my debit card but the same Day due to change in plans i cancelled the tickets its been more than 70 days not received the refunds yet. I am mentioning the ticket numbers with tid and mid of my debit card electronic receipt. Please inform me any information on my email saqlain. Shahab@gmail.com.Ticket no. A 64536461, pnr of cacelled ticket [protected], mid of debit card receipt when i booked ticket [protected], tid rj023990Details of another ticket refunded are ticket no. A 64543959, pnr of cancelled ticket [protected]Bnooked these ticket on 25/05/2017 and 10/05/2017 respectively and cancelled the same day. Please look forward to my request   
 Up baruipur local of 20pm displayed departure from 14a station from sealdah station, bit it did not match, and it departed from another plartform. And the worst thing is that there is no such annauncement 20 minutes before the train leaving the station. It's a very casual duty by the othorise personel of this department. For this casualness i have to waste 40minute in the station premesis.   
 Train number 12886 delayed regularly by 1-2 hrs specialty on saturday. I have tweeted several times to railway ministry but no action. My wife and son travels from chandrakona road to santragachi every saturday. She is a school teacher after doing her school after 1.30 hrs she came by bus and after that took my son and come to chandrakona railway station. She needs to wait at least 1 hrs most of saturday. Pathetic thing is no contact no in railway station so that she will ask first and then come to station the live railway running status is also not updated. What's happening to railway dept. Why no action has been taken to those careless people? Why railway minister is not replying my tweet? Why he is not taking action? Why this trail will be called as superfast? Why passengers like my wife and 8 years old has to suffer after full payment? We are really sorry for mr, prabhu. I saw you regularly inaugurated several thing and lot of tweets. For us its of no use instead your trains run on time. I know no answer and no action will be taken for this complain... Rip insian rail   
 Dear sir, Kindly advice on the attached slip. As the parcel was booked on 23rd july 2017 and loaded on train on 2nd of august 2017, but still haven't received at the location where it has to be reached. The details are as below Prr no. [protected]Parcel type. Scooty vehicle motorcycle Boarding station. Jharsuguda - jsgDestination station. Udaipur city - udzKindly advice on the above. Trying to find the same from last 3-4 days but there is no response from any of the regional parcel office.Please help me out for this.Warm regards   
 Dear sir, Date:-4/8/2017 My name is mahavir prasad. I am doing job in ludhiana and daily travel jalandhar to ludiana vise versa. I want to change my seasonal ticket mail to super and already ask to window operator 4 and 5 times. But she is same ticket issued to me again one month. Due to this my daily travel plan effected. And when i am ask her for it. Then she talk with me wrong manner. So kindly look into this matter. And convert my ticket into superfast.RegardsMahavir[protected]Mahavirpra88@gmail.com   
 Sir, I had cancelled my ticket on 13.06.2017, pnr no. [protected] & ticket no. 80221042. I had booked by railway ticket through my credit card and was supposed to get a refund of rs. 1205/- but till date it has not been credited in my credit card account. I am enclosing a photo of the cancelled ticket along with this complaintRequest you to kindly refund my above amt at the earliest.Thanking you, Karan singh[protected]Email - karansjsr@yahoo.com   
 I passenger golf shan-e-punjab travelling from new delhi-amritsr junc. Is having a complaint regarding to the working of a. C in it's a. C coach c1... There is a regular flow of water droplets from the a. C panel.. Inspite of regular complaint no such action has been taken... I would like you to look upon my current situation. I would be highly obliged... Thank you   
 Dear sirWe are currently travelling in train no.22944 from vadodara to pune and my purse containing my mobile oppo and cash mounting to 1500 with my pan card vide no afsps8296m and bcxps1502f got stolen from mumbai kalyan My mobile was of oppo brand f3 model golden colour and mobile no is [protected] and [protected]Please help and contact me [protected] or email ppabunty@gmail.com   
 Dear sir,  I was travelling from sambalpur road to kharagpur on 30/07/2017 on train no 18006. Pnr no [protected]. At around 1:00 am i found my mobile missing. I lodged a complaint of missing at grp kharagpur at 5:30 am morning.The fir no is 0054/17. On 31st evening with the help of mi cloud i got the mobile number of a new sim inserted into my device and also the location. Then using truecaller and facebook i got the name and photo of the person having my device. I rang him and he told he has got my mobile. On the next day morning i informed and submitted all the information i had to the grp kharagpur. How many days the police will take to catch the thief. When everything is clear why dont they catch the thief as soon as possible. I have lost any hope from police. Even i dont know where is the case now. How people without ticket are allowed in the reservation coaches. Police is not doing there work properly.   
 Hi mumbai railway dept.On the above subject line for the railway complaint no. A/wr/bct/000250749. The given feedback is not satisfactory as the advance stage of pregnancy is already cover i. E. From 7th month to 9th month to allowed handicap coach.However, i wanted to suggest that, give permission to pregnant women can allow to travel from her initial stage i. E. From the 1st month to 9th month, because at the initial stage she need to take care. This is mainly i am talking about to western suburban railway line from virar to churchgate and vise versa. While traveling from virar to churchgate it is really impossible to get in ledies coach in between stations i. E. Naigaon, bhayender, mira road while pick hours.I wanted give my own experienced here.I am 3 months pregnant and while traveling from mira road to andheri, i could not able to get in in ledies coach, hence, i got in handicap coach dated 2 august 2017, there are more than 50% crowd are non handicap, i got in and the coach was had very rush, hence i got push by one man, so i told him "pls don't push as i am pregnant".In the same crowd on lady was there and she starting arguing with me, why are you come in this coach?, which month is going on? So i told her 3 month, now she started fighting stating with me. You people are not allow to travel while initial stage, govt can allow you only after 7th months, so i asked her why you are travelling from the coach as your are also not a handicap person, so she told me, "i am off duty otherwise i will let you know who i am and we people are allow to travel any of the coach".Now you tell me is this a really good behavior with pregnant woman and can't you people understand, how can she travel?This is very shameful.Pls do something indian railway for pregnant women.Jai hind   
 Hi all, This is about the train number 12137 punjab mail, i was boarding from dadar station have reservation in s8, but more than hundred local passanger without reservation are not allowing us to catch the train, they were shouting and threaten us that jyda reservation reservation mat kro, and they occupied all the seats and space, even when i asked to tc that why they are staying like statue doing nothing so they were just like dummy doll, indian railways is doing nothing i can't understand this carelessness of the railway, even for the long journey compartment don't have switch's for charging near to seats.   
 Dear sir I have booked one ticket from meerut to kanpur in sangam express on dated 12/7/2017 from irctc site. But due to some reason train was cancelled this was also in news therefore i have confirmed this cancellation from railway inquiry no. They told me that train is cancelled and no need of cancellation of ticket required from irctc your amount will refund automatically in your account. But till now my amount is not refunded in my account  Kindly do the needful.Details are as followsTrain name - sangam expressTrain no-14164Date - 12/07/2017Fare - 815RegardsDayanand tyagi[protected]   
 The suburban train time tables for the chennai - chengalpattu route seems to have drawn up decades ago when there was not much outbound traffic beyond tambaram. Those were the days when the population in the suburbs commuted to the city for work or education. But with burgeoning it companies, industrial parks and engineering colleges in the city'outskirts, a large number of people travel from the city to the suburbs for work or education. But this huge and visible shift in travel patterns seems to have escaped the eyes and senses of the railway authorities in chennai. Most offices, banks, courts, colleges open around 9.30.-10 am. So the peak hours for travel would be between 8 am and 10 am. How does one justify a time table which offers one train from tambaram to cpt at 8.35 am and the next at 9.20 and a third at 9.51 am. The 9.20 train is a 8 coach memu and is invariably late. So it is always packed to the gills..Commuters from the city (Say nungambakkam or mambalam) including working women have to catch a train before 8.00 am if they have to reach work on time.in case they miss the one train even by a few seconds, they have no choice but to reach office or school only by 10.30 - 10.45. Will the railways please wake up and show some sympathy to hapless passengers? If they are unable to run additional trains within the city, they could atleast run shuttle services between tambaram and chengalpattu every 20 minutes between 8 and 10 am. This will greatly relieve passengers of stress and discomfort.For an immediate start, they could replace the antiquated memu with a regular 12 coach unit so that it can carry a few more passengers in relatively better comfort.One does pray this plea will be heard and something will be done about it. A thousand passengers will be grateful.Thank you.   
 I booked a ticket numbered 17274461 from mulund mumbai ticket counter by swiping my debit card. Supporting mr. Modi's cashless transaction. I have cancelled the ticket on 1/05/2017 since then i have not received my refund for the cancelled ticket.I have tried calling to customer executive and their i am hardly able to talk to anyone. They just pick the receiver and keep at one of the end. I just want to ask unless the government executive itself are not going to support mr prime minister's initiative how the hell we citizens will trust you. We are ready to help him but you people are just showing your way of working and what discourages us.And i know i wont get any response from you still i believe as a responsible citizen i need to do this at least.   
 Hand bag stolen in bilaspar - new delhi rajdhani express starting from bilaspur dated 3rd aug. Coach details: ac2 a4 berth 1 and 3. Date of journey: 3rd augStarting from: bilaspurShocking and risky to travel in train: this is shocking as even in ac2 coach is no longer safe. How can someone sneak in at night and no one in staff cared.Item details: small pink back pack with general items and medicines.   
 Pnr [protected]Train no. 22149 /22150I am a senior citizen, i did a booking on 13 th july for a journey on 4th august (20 days before the travel date) for me and my wife. During booking time i request for lower birth, but irctc allotted me 2 upper births On today when i board on the train there were lot of vacant lower births available, I don't understand why irctc not given any priority for advance bookings. This is totally injustice, specially to a senior citizen. There for my request to the authorities to take action against this kind of injustice.Stephenson albert   
 This is to inform you that tt is not checking nor visiting the reservation bogies during travel. Surprised that it is his job on day today work as this is causing lot of problems for reserved customers during travel. The unreserved customers enter the reserved bogies & will creat uncomfortable journey for the reserved customers plz see to that tt does his job or check tickets artleast in reserved bogies.   
 We were 3 ladies + 1yr baby girl, travelling to hosur though Yeshwanthapur-Hosur train on 3rd Aug'17 from Bangalore east around 7:06am to hosur, once we reached hosur, since it was our new route, one of our relative had come to pick us up, but he forgot to take platform ticket. The Railway employee stopped at us and asked for it, once he knew that the person did not have platform ticket, started to show all his men power.. Giving us 3 options1) combine the penalty with other lady who passed on platform instead of road and make as a single complaint2) since we questioned him, for us separate complaint with 270/-3) come to Bangalore police station, and go to court and pay 1000/-After creating a big screen show with us, he took 300/- and gave us slip for 279. Just for 30/- he had to misbehave like this is very shame...Don't know how to communicate with women's, he wants to show that he is a men, doing duty and accepting bribery in a very prestige's way.People like this spoil the respect that is given to railways..behavior   
 Date of the incident:- 22 jul 17.Client number:- [protected], [protected]Description of the incident:- on 22 jul 17, train no.- 22405 (Bpg anvt garib rath) reached patna jn around 3 hour late. My wife (Mrs. Anushka) (Pnr no - [protected]) along with my 4 1/2 year old son had to board on the train at patna jn for anand vihar terminal. She had to board in coach no. G5. She was waiting for the train at platform no. 4 as per the led display, showing the arrangement of the coaches in the train. When the train arrived, the arrangement of coaches was not as per the display. It lead to stampede, there were many passengers to board on. All passengers were running around on the platform to get their berth in respective coach. And the same was for my wife and my kid. She has to rush 5-6 coaches back along with luggage and kid. An irresponsible action by a few particular gov servants of railway created a very untoward situation.in that incident, my wife became too panic and my son sustained a minor injury. She spent a upset night throughout her journey.In this regard, i register a complaint by sms at mob no. [protected] on 22 jul 17 at 2351 hrs. The reference id is[protected]. But as a reply, it was suggested that the complaint does not pertain to south central railway, directing me to send the same to mob no. [protected]. On 23 jul 17 at 0920 hrs, i re-registered the complaint to mobile no. [protected]. And again at the same no. On 24 jul 17 at 1239 hrs. A positive response from indian railways is still awaited. I am sending the snapshot of the messages as proof. Here, i like to ask a question to so called our incredible indian railways. Is it the step to make our nation a superpower. We are always looking for new technologies. What is it's use, even we are not able to properly use the available resources/ technologies. Come on...Desirable resolution:- i want the person responsible for this to be early named out and must be punished. Let me know about the person and the punishment granted. I want redressal of my grievances with a compensation for mental harassment of my wife & my kid.   
 I was travelling on 30/7/17 from jammu to ferozpur from train no 19226 under coach b2 and seat no 48. There was a family along with me in that coach bearing all the seat no's except mine. I have doubt that the family along with me in the coach has mistakenly taken my bagKindly help me in finding the luggage.ThanksAshwani  ([protected])   
 Yesterday[protected] i was travel from mdu to chennai with my family in pandian express pnr no. [protected], s8 - 79, 80 and 76, from starting to till trichy some of them occupied reserved seats in the name of railway employees and given lot of problems to us tte also not questioned even not check their id. Complaint to the captain it was resolved again the same kind of incident one more person who sat above by kid's head when i awaken and asked the same kind of reply, i am an employee. What kind of protection giving to s-class passengers, will you give protection to a/c class only, teach the employees to get seat allocation from local tte though they travel one hour/two/three hours. There is no proper coordination from all train employees and cops, they are supporting those employees only. Felt very bad experience.   
 Sir, i am central government employee. I was working in 16339 (S1, s2, s3 coaches) train as a tte from madurai to nagercoil on 28-07-2017. I put my mobile in charging after kovilpatti in s1 coach, after passing of tirunelveli station i realised that my mobile was robbed by some passenger. He may got down in maniyachi or tirunelveli. Due to continous duty as tte in train i could not able to give complaint directly in station.  I met grp available in nagaercoil staion after coming to my head quarter nagercoil, but they said i need to go tirunelveli and maniyachi to give complaint. I had already given my complaint through online in tamilnadu police website on 29-07-2017, but they disposed my complaint and saying its not comes under their category. Sir, please help me to get my mobile phone back   
 Please note that i was scheduled to travel with pnr 650 4195750. The ticket was wait listed and i continuously checked for the status since 6:00 p. M. Onwards and finally got the status ~8:20 p. M. Only. Since the ticket was in wl and travel for 2 days, i decided to cancel the ticket. Now, prs counter was already closed by then hence, approached current counter at manduadih station. They suggested that this can only be done at the originating station i. E. Mughalsarai and it takes ~2-2.5 hours of travel from varanasi.As per the information online, http://erail.in/Rail/RailwayRefundCharges.aspx, i approached the counter and they informed that it is not accepting. This was at 8:36 a. M.How can a passenger with this approach cancel the ticket for trains in the night (Between 8:00 p. M. To 8:00 a. M.) especially for the originating stations such as mughalsarai which serves mainly passengers from varanasi.Please help with my cancellation and refund of money.   
 My grandmaa was travelling from hanumangarh to jaipur in train number 22982 (Kota ganganagar exp) in a1 coach on 1st august and in the cabin the her mobile was kept in the bedroll but when the attendent came to take the bedrolls, he took the mobile phone.I request u to kindly go through this matter soon before the attendent sell the mobile phone.My contact detail.Email: periwal. Ashu11@gmail.comMobile: [protected]   
 31-07-2017, 3ac, 12782, traveling in rac berth63 boarding gwalior, requested to tt for confirm berth to allot as i'm having 2.5yr old baby, he kindly said after jhansi he ll see, but after crossing jhansi, tt who took charge from jhansi directly refuse to give me berth but i wait till bhopal, meanwhile when i come to know that are few vacant berth in b2coach and around 3:30 after crossing bina i again requested tt pls allot me confirm berth as i am facing difficulties in berth 63 due to side stand fix in that berth and with baby it troubles me, tt again refuses till bhopal he ll not give, i came to know berth 42has vacant as not boarded by bina so i am begging for this berth in b2 coach he directly said b2 rac will get preference in b2, i am continously begging but he denied.. But anyway i managed. But please let me know if my baby got ill while journey due to extremely tiredness who will resonsible for that - one and only that tt…? And if there is a rule to give rac of same coach will get in confirm seat in same coach, if yes what will that person do who is breastfeeding mother with 2.5yr old baby in extremely need of confirm berth so that baby and mother will get rest in long journey and reach destination safely?Kanchan shrivastava Kanchan. Flyhigh@gmail.com   
 Dear sir, This is to bring your kind attention on a kind service provided by railway department. Discipline meaning can not be better learn by anyone other than railway department.I am not surprised, if all of the railway's department's staff would be in the discipline as the train is. By seeing what is written, you would not believe, you presume everything is ok, my staff is of not military disciplined but it is discipline. Then can i ask a question, if your staff is following duties on time, how come train is suffering from the hindrance of getting delay for 12 hours. Would you believe this staff being in discipline.Nobody is cared in this country, unless they face the problem, i would request you to wait on a platform for 12 + hours to board a train, and do let us know how does it feel. But please do the travelling as a common men, where you are given limited food so that you can eat after boarding the train. You got to wait in the waiting room where you got to keep an eye on your cellphone battery and so to your luggage. How would you feel if you are being tortured by railway department like that. I have my mother and father waiting on platform for more than 12 hours, i would not wish if anyone's father have to wait for that long time to board a train, we are in 2017. This brilliant service has to be applauded, my father and mother waiting on gorakhpur station to come to delhi, as the train timing was 7:00 am hence they came on the station at last night to board the train on time. That has also stretched it to above 12 hours. It is well now 20 hours. If you are a human being reading this, you should feel what they are going thorough. My dad got an opportunity to serve railways in his young time. I am glad he is not part of this failure department, for which people run with money in the bag to get a job in railways. Wonderful service, wonderful art by railway.Think before going to office starting your work, how many people daily suffer by your disciplined staff. I see officials roaming from here to there, that may be a part of their job, but roaming at the right place is what they all are missing, i am disappointed if suresh prabhu sir would not have been one of them. Else this would not have been a situation.I am extremely sorry to be very uneducated writing stupidity, but this stupidity is real, as this is happening with my parents.Thank you, Awesome work railway department, You deserve 8th pay commission as a part of incentive for the brilliantly serving, so called new india (2017) by my idol modi jee.   
 Dear sir, My sister (R. Ragini) is traveling with rac ticket in coach s4 berth no. 71 from bdcr (Bhadrachalam road) to sc (Secunderabad) in train no 17025 vide ticket pnr no: [protected] on 31-july-2017. As it is a night journey and my sister is traveling alone and she requested to ttc in beginning of the journey that if any seat get vacant during the journey than please inform her. He told her that all the coaches having rac, so, you will get the berth according to your number. But ttc allotted seat to someone, who was having wait listed ticket booked after me and he given seat to unreserved passengers also. My relatives and friends traveling in the same train had got berths, even their wailting list number is more than my sister ticket. As per ticket number she should get berth first. When she questioned ttc about this he not responded well. So, i requested you to please penalized the ttc for his unhuman behavior. I am ready to come as many times you will. Call me regarding this case. If in future you want to pay some compensation than please deduct that amount from his salary not from government department because government given him the best pay structure to him.Thanking youR. Sateesh kumar[protected]Sateeshrajuri@gmail.com   
 Dear railway board of directors/ ministry of railway. I am always appreciates the growth, developments and daily new achievements by indian railways but… After travelling of your one of the best train called anvt humsafar exp from gorakhpur to anand vihar terminal on dated 30.07.2017 detailed attached for ref. Train get delayed continuously since get start from gkp and there are no any action seen throughout the journey to get recover the delay or not get further delay but as usual it get 4:15 hr delayed from its schedule time of 8:50. The train get delayed 1:35 hr at kanpur central what are the action taken by officer inchage for this train or in route to recover and avoids further delays respectively though out the rout till destination of the train. And what are the action plan to avoid this darkest dot from railways forehead that never run on time. The train fare cost us 50% higher than the regular suf/exp trains. Why we have charge 50% extra if the service is not as per your commitments. And due to this delayed i had missed my a great valuable meeting from my client which can change my carrier. Now who is going to bear this loss of minimum rs 12.00 lac. Requesting you to kindly look into the matter and reimburse my amount of minimum 12 lac.Pnr [protected]Thanks & regardsMd. Imroz   
 I came to bangalore majestic railway station to drop my mother as she was travelling alone.Me and my dad hadn't taken the platform ticket which is wrong i agree.While coming out we were asked about the platform ticket which we didn't have and he said we have to pay fine which we readily agreed.On asking how much he said it is 310 per person which i refused to believe and he started talking brashly and shouting.Others who passed by weren't asked. We got a receipt of excess fare and not the fine receipt.   
 Hi, I have booked and cancelled 3 railway tickets in apr'17 for may'17.But no amount has been refunded till now.I request irctc to take quick action and help me in getting my amount back.Ticket details 1 - pnr : [protected] ; lucknow to jammu ; transaction id : [protected] ; booking amount - rs. 10740.00 ; refund amount to be received : rs. 106202 - pnr : [protected] ; jammu to lucknow ; transaction id : [protected] ; booking amount - rs. 11010.00 ; refund amount refund amount to be received : rs. 106203 - pnr : [protected] ; lucknow to mumbai ; transaction id : [protected] ; booking amount - rs. 4620 ; refund amount refund amount to be received : rs. 4620Request you to please help and get my amount refunded as soon as possible.Sharing cancellation receipts. Pfa.Regards, Rohit mohan vermaMobile - [protected]Email - rohitmohanverma@gmail.com   
 Hi, Sleeper class journey is very uncomfortable with family because of tc. Sleeper journey can easly do without reseveration and this is causing trouble to pre planned reserved ticket public.1. Why without reservation, tc is allowing public even though there is no space, where as ac it is not the case.Pnr:[protected], train:12703, doj:31-07-17, sl, gnt-sc, dep:04:10, Balaji bitra+1, s1 19, s1 21, Fare:830, sc:0.0+pg+ins2. Above are my journey details, my unit contains 13 people where as allowed per unit is 8.The price i paid for this journey, i can surely get comfortable ac private journey... Really disappointed.   
 Dear sir or madam, In ksr bangalore station back gate side there is a ticket counter. I have smart card to take tickets by machine. Since i have travelled more than 4 times in july-2017 month but i am unable to take tickets by machines. Because machines are not working properly. Plz take necessary action regarding this.RegardsUmashankara k nEmail - umashankarakn@gmail.comPh. No.[protected]   
 I have often faced misbehaviour of people of kisan union in nauchandi express train (Saharanpur to allahabad). Today (30.07.2017), i am travelling in the above said train to visit lucknow and unfortunately kisan union people in a large number travelling in the same train. They have acquired whole train, even the reserved coaches including ac coaches, female compartments. They are not afraid of police or anything. They are sitting on other people's seats, even on the seats of ladies, misbehaving with everybody, abusing everybody. All of them are without tickets. Women who are travelling alone like me, are feeling unsafe as they are teasing them, raising up their curtains. I, a common indian girl, a government employee, a taxpayer earnestly request you higher authorities to ensure safety and security of common people from such anti social elements, hooliganism. This type of journey sometimes ends up in to the worst nightmare of some people specially girls. Please do something urgently.   
 Train no. 11010 / sinhagad express.This train pune to mumbai cst, halts at thane station, but this fact has not been incorporated in railway booking computer, hence all passangers have to purchase dadar ticket if they have to go to thane.Hence i request please make necessary changes in the computer program software.Thanking you in advance.   
 Sir i have booked tatkal ticket of pnr number [protected] in the name of v k pandit and narendra kumar of rs 850 from jasidih to bihta but due to huge croud i could not board in train at jasidih railways station no tte and any police was help us.in between my left leg was being damaged I demanding to refound my ticket cost V k pandit [protected]   
 At nasik road station, the contractor is charging excess parking fees. He had deployed goons and thugs who doesnt have uniform or proper id cards for the same. Parking fees prescribed by railways is depicted. However they are charging excessive fees. For 1 hour railways had prescribed fees of rs.5 for a motor bike. However theese goons are demanding rs 10 or even rs 20 for the same. While questioned they charged against me. A rpf officer was witness for the same. They have even not printed rs 5 as parking charges for one hour, even the board depicting the parking fees by railways recommend only rs 5. Still they asked me to pay rs. 20 which i have paid. They were not ready to give receipt also. Hence my humble request is to you is look in to the matter an do the needful.   
 We went bokaro steel city railway staion on[protected] at around 7:55 pm and we were forcefully charged rs 15/- despite we were on exit point of the parking premises after dropping our relative within 2 minutes.Parking personnel have earlier told us that if u pick or drop someone and checkout the parking within 5 minutes after parking then you will not have to pay. However they charged us forcefully and misbehaved and humilliated us. They told us do whatever u can do but we will take money like this only.We even requested them that please see the cctv footage and show us if the duration of entry and exit will be more than 5 days than we will give you rs1000/-.They told us screen is not working and you have to give the charges anyway.They were 5 person and they humilliated us and forced us to pay the charges which was actually not to be charged.This kind of activities should be stopped by taking harsh action on them then only we can expect our beloved nation to get on the top of the world.Corruption and wrong doings of people should be taken seriously and strict action should be taken at every level be it at lower level or higher.Its not the matter of rs 15/- but its the matter of type of people and style of serving at public places... And their tone and behaviour reflected like no one will ever take any action on them ever.Please take action on those people and intimate us.. PleaseNot for the sake of our satisfacton but for our better nation.Abhishek rajDeputy managerSbiMob no -[protected]   
 Sir I am vivek tripathi, i am working in npcil.I have booked train by my relative though irctc (As i have already booked the six tickets of mu quota) for special train the train was late by more than 6 hrs and i have got ticket only in rac class from allahabad to kota train was orignting from patna.After getting familiar with the rules i filled the tdr, now i am informed that the The tdr filed against pnr number [protected] with reason train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled. Has been repudiated by system as per the indian railways refund rules.As per charts i have traveled, i can prove that on that i was in allahabad I have done shoping there and as per the records of my office attendance system i was on leave.I want my case to be reviewed again and the erring tte shall be punished.   
 With due respect we wish to state that we got 3 adult ticket ordinary from chennai central to puttur today (29-07-2017). Ticket from chennai central to puttur was 35 each, for 3 adult total cost is 105. We gave 200 rs but they printed ticket as 75 and collected 175rs as total and given 25rs balance. So kindly request to take action. Thank you   
 Dear sir/ mam,  As i had travelled from pune to varanasi on 27/7/17, in 11037 pune - gkp exp. My seat was in s11. First of all the coach doesnt have the charging points, the food quality is worst, and the most important thing is no security available in the train. The less security the more hawkers and peddlers and beggers has came in the train. This had my first worst experience in the journey from this train. Kindly take some action.   
 SirTrains never run on tym to amritsar Even the shatabdi train to amritsar never com on tymAap bulet train ki baat krte ho jo railgaadi ho usko hi sambhaal loKi bailgaadi hi bana dogeJabse aap aae ho socha tha kuch changes hongeChanges hue magar bad changes hueTrains are getting unhygienic day by dayAap kyu so rahe hoNai kaam hota to resign do or doosre ko aane do   
 Pranam sir  Sorry as i have to say that today's night i'm staying here at saugor station. I have facing a lot of prblm like fresh water, open wash basin tubs, dirty washroom and latterine and a major prblm - they don't open retire rooms for 1st class passengers. No dormetry i have a ticket of sl and i spenting my night on lay down on floor of station... It is not right sir... Solve it sir... Thank you.. Akhilesh sharma   
 I am travelling from ramnad to chennai intrain no.-16102 with pnr no.-44344115467. I want to complaint that gst is not introduced in snack stall in manamadurai junc. I buyed a snack labelled "lays". Its mrp was printed as rs.18. Its outside market rate in mrp is rs.10. I got a reply from the agent that it was instructed to sell the printed mrp, but its actuall rate is rs.10. Why gst is not introduced in railway private snack stall?Please take necessary actions   
 This is to inform you that i had booked my ticket on 21st may 2017, transaction id [protected], pnr no. [protected]. My train was on 29 jun 2017 but unfortunately my train got cancelled. I got automated cancellation sms on 1st july 2017 about the train cancelled. But after that 19 -21 days passed, i have not received my refund back yet. I have tried several times talking to your executives but nothing has happened till now. I am frustrated now.Please refund my money asap. I hope this time i will get my grievance solve and will get my refund soon.   
 At king circle ticket counter one of your staff is refuse me for a concession pass since last 2year i issue same route pass cst to king circle but he given me fullish answer "your college at churchgate how can we issue pass" but actually my college is at between cst and churchgate. So he start aruge with me and abusing me with bad language and refuse me for pass then he told me 'get loss' how can your misbehave like   
 Me & my wife was traveling from hosiarpur to delhi on 23rd july 2017 by train no 14012, seat no s3 10&11. My pnr no.[protected]. When train was about to reach jalandhar city one man theft my wife handbag (Red colour).Documents & thing available in the handbag1) wallet containing cash around rs.20002) gold ornaments - 5 earings, 3 pendents & one chain3) douments - aadhar card, pan card, icici debit card & dl4) sunglass & 2 mobile chargerDate of theft : 23 july 2017Time of theft : 11:30 pm (Approx)Place of theft : jalandhar city railway station.I have lodged an fir at old delhi railway station also.   
 My name is sandip dolas, i cancelled my rail ticket havingPnr no. [protected], Train no 16031, Ticket no. 10160013, Date 22/03/017, Refund amount - 8500, I visited ajani reservation office for 7 to 8 time for the refund but i didnt get it, they give me mail i/d on 3/06/017 posrefund@irctc.co.in.I mailed them. They told me that refund was credited in my account.Booking id - [protected]Date - 23/03/2017Rrn[protected]Last four card digit - 1781.But as per above mentioned the refund is not credited in my account.I am continuously following on mail for this but no reply from mr/mrs shehnaz bano.Sir, Please do the need ful. Near about four moths are pass but not received the money   
 We had booked 46 bags filled with soil for testing in our lab, vide booking receipt no. Is 747323 dt. 26/07/17, we are working for nhai, this material is very important to us, as on basis of soil testing report futher work on national highway can be started. As per information from jammu the material is still not loaded, any further delay will effect us financially. Request you to kindly resolve our issue on an urgent basis.   
 I have traveled in 18474 jodhpur puri express twice and i have never seen such a dirty, filthy train ever. Lots of rats are there in that train and the toilets are never cleaned. When i asked the cleaners about the rats they said that they can't find them. Are u serious... It is your duty to clean the coaches and you are saying that you can't find them. I request the railway ministry to please look after this matter as passengers are not at all comfortable to travel on that train.   
 In sealdah-dankuni section, frequency of local trains is very less during office time in the morning & evening. The trains are running late. Very rush, the situation is very critical, horrible. Space in waiting room in bally halt station is very inadequate. Many passengers use this section. Many local trains in howrah-barddhaman main line are not having stop in bally station. Eastern rail section should look into it.   
 A person on dated 26.07.17 whose mobile no. [protected] called me on my mobile no. [protected], & [protected] that i am bank manager at head office mumbai and your atm card require renewal due to gst bill otherwise your bank account and atm card will be closed. He took my card no, cvv, and otp for verifying the atm card but he withdraws money about 73 ooo rupees from account no. [protected] and my wife account no. [protected] inspite of renewing and verifying my atm debit cards[protected] and [protected] of sbi kapurthala for gst bill. Pl cancel the order of item that he purchased online from a shop. Pl take necessary action against those transaction of account no's from my account.   
 Dear sir/madam, It is very serious matter to serve bed quality of food in rajdhani train for passenger which infected our health. My son voted after having meal of train served by railways in side rajdhani and rest of member complaint loose motion.in fact, this must be consider attempt of murder by serving non hygiene meal to the passenger.We were returning from jammu to delhi on 25th jun 2017 by rajdhani. We requested for doctor to ticket officer to assist us. He told us there is no doctor in the rajdhani train. This is how indian railways prove himself irresponsible for the people health.This is very embarrassing situation for us to face this disaster travelling due to irresponsibility of indian railways. We paid very good amount to travel in the rajdhany train. But serve level in the train is very bed.Railways must pay penalty to passenger who suffer with bed quality food.Thanks to look into the matter and come out with proper answer as this type of news heard from railways very frequent. Indian railways isno more trust transportation partner of the indian people. Regards, Ravinder sharma[protected]Ravinderxp@gmail.comPnr number :[protected]Travelling date:25th jun 2017Train number:12426/jammu tawiNumber of passanger: 6   
 Respected sir I have been travelling in train for years. After the bjp government came it is a great fortunate for indian railways as there are so much improvements.in that aspect i hope my complaint will be solved by this governmentErnad express (Train n. O16606) is delaying and there is no punctuality for this train and suffer due to this as many passengers depend on this as there are no trains in thosd time gaps. Same complint arises for maveli express (Train n. O16629&16630) these are late from the dparture time itself.I hope you understand our problens and soon take an immidiate decision.Thanking you   
 Please refund the payment i made for both the trains. The pnr details are mentioned in my initial email.[protected] and [protected]Booking date - 22.06.2017 and 30.06.2017Date of journey - 30.06.2017Train name - jan shatabdi and shatabdi expressIrctc id - soneeyaaI may have mentioned the reason wrong while filling tdr however my reason for refund is not invalid. The train was supposed to start from howrah however, it never reached howrah and was diverted from another station.   
 I am shiv kumar baranwal from deoria. I was traveling from allahabad to bsb. My phone is lost. The train was durg (15160) And the date of my journey was 26/7/17. Pnr:[protected]. Departed time was 20:25 and seat was a1 18. The mobile was lost between allahabad to katwa. Please its humble request to railways officers to find my samsung j2 black color phone   
 I have lodged railway theft complaint on march 21 2017 from yeswantpur to secunderabad train no. 12736 garibrath theft of rupees three lakhs. Theft of gold of rupees three lakhs of my daughters marriage is unbearable to me.My fir no. Is 178/2017.It is almost five months and i have not recovered my loss. I humbly request to look into the matter to the railway officials. My railway complaint no. Is w/sw/sbc/000206497.   
 I was a passenger traveled by train no.16382 pnr no. [protected] doj 22.07.17. Via trvl to cstm.. Having seat no 49 coach s1. Noticed that lot of passengers from station tiruper to wadi entered in to our reserved compartment and was very inconvenient to us. Since they were supposed to travel in general compartment and no checking whether genuine tickets were used can railways do proper action accordingly.   
 Train running time status scheduled arrival time vs actual arrival times, are not updated with the actual arrival time. For example, today train 12672 (Train started at source on 26th july 2017) actually reached mas station at 6:17 am as it was running late by 1 hour 12 minutes. But when they updated the systems with back dated time and updated the actual arrival time as 5:26 am, just late by 21 minutes. This clearly shows how they were manipulating the data and showing incorrect status updates to their higher management and passengers.   
 My name vikas, my pnr 255-7755831, train no. 12470 cancellation ticket 20-06-2017 refund amount : rs 2250.I check amount not credited in my a/c This refnds electronic.In my statement i check this payment to refund. I think its more time you please check ur side and check my issue strongly. I am attaching my ticket also.My pnr 255-7755831, train no. 12470 cancellation ticket 20-06-2017Refund amount : rs 2250   
 Respected sir.I was travell from gooty to yeswanthpur in train in general compartment box.In traveling the lesbians are entered into train they collect money other wise they left passenger products with them like as mobile phones, computers etc..Due to these people passengers place lot of problem I kindly request you sir please take immidiate action sir.Thanking you sir.   
 Sir/madam, You have close my complaint but i have following point to clear.Your complaint no.: w/nw/ju/[protected] has been attended to and it is now closed.Closure remarks by the respective officer: amount has been refunded as per following details: 1) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 1880.0, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865. 2) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 280, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865.As per my account entry amount credited as under:1) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 1880.0, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865.But amount credited to my account is rs.1870/-. Instead of rs.1880/- 2) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 280, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865.But amount credited to my account is rs.275/-. Instead of rs.280/- As per cancellation ticket amount must credit to my account. (Rs.1880/- & rs.280/-)Please credit rs.15/- to my account as early as possible.   
 We travelled from tirunelveli to mumbai on 23rd july 2017. We had booked caoch in 3rd ac, b1 seat 9 and 10. The coach was third class and horrible. It did not feel like an ac coach. It felt like second class with ac. There were coakroaches, seats were dirty, windows were foggy all the way. Curtains dirty. Worst experience ever. Please dont waste our hard earned money this way.   
 I was a passenger traveled by train no.12618 pnr no. [protected] doj 16.07.17. Via pnvl to ers.. Having seat no 12 coach s2. To my surprise both the sides of the coach were not having water 24x7 and the toilets were very ugly. Can the authorities make a note of it and take action immediately. Since we are giving much importance to cleanliness but nobody taking care or check.   
 Sir, With due respect in vide of your reply letter the reason or the inconvenience you said was unsatisfactory. As you said in your letter without following display board, i must have halo an enquiry at enquiry office, so let me tell you the real incident i reached station quite corky before the schedule departure of train and had visit to enquiry office for asking about train details, the personnel at enquiry office or counter said train is 5 minutes late regarding platform no he said you must follow display board. As you said in your letter. I did not reached station in time and did not enquired at enquiry office, for your information you must have an eye to “ cctv” footage on that particular day “16/05/2017 whether i reached station in time or not or not enquired at enquiry office; i am sending my photo along with this letter, with “cctv “ footage you can have your answer Another important thing kharagpur railway station is not a small station, it is a biggest junction among all indian railway stations; so it is quite difficult to board the correct train at correct time without announcement or with the help of display board, not only biggest station but also arrangement of platforms like 1 and 3 and 2 and 4 in a different odd and haphazard manner. Let me have an eye to small story you might have watched m. S dhoni biopic movie “m. S dhoni, the untold story “, if you not you must watch it because in that movie the t. T. E m. S dhoni could not attend train in correct time and the railway personnel or heaol of t. T. E it self said in that movie “ the arrangement of platform in kharagpur ne m. S dhoni ka examleli” so if a t. T. E cannot attend a train in correct time how can a common man can. Now coming to your announcement many trains come by and go, i mishit have not put a good ear to announcement because of your railway personnel said to follow display board, and you said due to technical problem the train was not being displayed in display board, the technical problem was yours not mine why should i suffer due to your departmental problem. Let me say one thing, when a common man does not teaches a proper. Ticket does not your departmental person imposes fine or chillan, does he forgives any person without taking fine or chillan not at ll. He / she takes proper fare and proper fine. Like this we the common man had problem your department does not forgive us, like that when your department has problem why should i forgive you. It is simple “tit for tat” your department must also bear the tine and charges as your department takes fine and charges both. Due to your departmental problem i could not reach c. M. Chospital vellore in time to cure my ailing mother, so i visited different hospital.in west bengal which expensed me heavy more than 1 laks 1nrand the result was quite unsatisfactory. I am a common man and poor farmer, it is quite difficult to arrange money and expense it, and all went is vain. So as railway department takes fine due to mistake if common man, the railway department must also pay the similar fine and expenses because of their fault or technical problem. Therefore i hope that you must take this matter seriously and solve the required problem within a stipulated time. I am waiting for your grateful reply.Pnr no-[protected]Train no-2287Consumer complain id-352535  Thanking youYour’s faithfully  Dilip karan Mob - [protected] Email-amlan. Shanku@gmail.com   
 My mother was travelling to delhi from bilaspur in utkal express (18477, pnr - [protected]). Her seat number a1 / 18 and she boarded the train on 25 july.Name of the passenger - meeta royDuring the night in between 3-5 am her handbag was stolen which had money and two phones (Nokia and lenovo handset) and her id. Phone numbers are - [protected], [protected] We have already the police in the train and they checked with the attendants but could not find the phone. Please help and call me if you have any questions.ThanksAnup roy[protected]   
 I have booked 2 tickets on 16.07.2017 and the pnr numbers are [protected], [protected]. Both are confirmed tickets and i'm not able to travel in the trains. The reason is sms for the booking didn't reach me. Usually i would login in our site and confirm the seat numbers. So i didn't care about the sms. But this time on 23.07.2017, from evening 6.30 they have taken the site for maintanence activity and they restored next day morning only. On 23.07.2017, i went to the station and enquired about my tickets in the enquiry section. They told me there is no name in the list. So i do not have any clue about my tickets. So i'm not able to travel in the said two tickets. Now if i cancel the tickets, i will not get any refund. So kindly refund my amount since there is no fault in my side.   
 I had booked a wait listed ticket for 3 july through debit card. It was not confirmed, so it was automatically cancelled, also i am received cancellation and refund message for same. It is about to 22 days, i have not received refund amount. I have lodge several complaints, but no one responding. Complain numbers are 6322032, w/eo/kur/[protected], 6361288. My pnr nu is [protected].My cell no [protected]   
 Today morning i visited ahmedabad railway station. Wherever i saw few black ticket mafiya near by the ticket counter.They offered confirmed reserved ticket and they chareged doubled then the ticket.Even i saw the railway police there i inform them about the black ticket mafiya. But i shocked they did nothing about them. Even counter staff also.   
 Train no 56903 arrive time at 5:10 am but the ticket issued at 5:07 am very late. I was first to take ticket so i got luckily train delayed about 20 mins so all consumers got ticket. If train arrived at 5:10 am means consumers would not get ticket this is the worst service provided... Actually the ticket counter employee had slept upto 5 clock am no one had complained... Thanku   
 Hi everyone, Myself nilanjana banik was travelling today from agartala to silchar;train no 5563 had lost my luggage in silchar staion and in the train. I was in 3ac coach seat no 49, 50, 55 and 56. The bag was medium size of combination of black and red color. If anyone found it pleas contact in [protected] or [protected]. It was having some necessary things.   
 I was travelling to kolkata by ndls hwh expres – 12324 on 16th july 2017 from ‘anand vihar’ station and my black colour hand bag was stolen away in between gaya junction (Gaya) to dhanbad junction (Dhn) and the same had been reported to rpf at asansol junction (Asn).The hand bag was locked with chain. And near about rs.34, 000 was lost along with all “govt id proofs & cheque books & atm & credit cards & nokia phone ”. The same was happened with 3 more co-passengers in the same train. The most shocking story which we noticed that there were no rpf personals in the train and even train superintended was not present in the train on that day. Sir, this is a serious case which higher concerned authorities have to take care of. Now we are afraid to travel in train. Who is responsible for this? Please take some early initiative to resolve the issue.Hope this will be considered seriously Truly yoursSupratik majumdar (Pnr no :- Email id :- supratik786@gmail.com   
 Hello sir, I book one ticket from bbs to hwh and pnr no is [protected].My ticket was having waiting list and when chart got prepared it became rac s12 39.I board the train and immedate met with tt for rac confirmation.So denied it by saying that train is full and after 10 min only in front of me only, he given seat to 2 people and both person had general tickets.Plz look in this matter and resolve it so in future nobody else struggle like me.   
 Dear sir/ma'am, Most respectfully submitted the complainant is a delhi based practising lawyer and currently came to jhusi, allahabad for personal work. The complainant having some grievances regarding e-ticket, registered a complaint against irctc at www.consumercomplaints.in provided with personal mobile no. [protected].Following this the complainant got 4 unknown phone calls personating indian rail staves/staffs (Accused persons). All unknown phone nos. Are given below: (1) [protected] (2) [protected] (3) [protected] (4) [protected]The said accused persons started demanding the complainant's atm card no. To short out railway grievances. Upon this the complainant raised issues regarding their (Accused persons) authenticity. Following this the accused persons disconnected the phone calls and started calling with aforementioned different nos. And started irritating the complainant. Upon this the complainant made another complaint with www.consumercomplaints.in regarding the fake calls, which enraised the accused persons. After that the complainant got so many phone calls from said nos. Threatened to cause grievous hurt with very bad abusive languages. It is humbly requested that the grievances of the complainant should be shorted out and complaint should be registered. Kindly find attached the screen shot of the phone calls detail.Yours sincerelyRahul mauryaAdvocateSupreme court of india and high court of delhi.Chamber no. X-39a, civil wing, tishazari courts, delhi-54Phone number: [protected]   
 Dear sir, i am a resident of bangalore and visit our home town at kottayam, kerala once in 2 or 3 years. Usually we travel by bangalore exp (Train no. 16525). Sir, it is a usual practice of the public to get into the reserved compartments and occupy the seats that we would have booked 4 months back and they do not even move on our repeated requests. Last time i was travelling with my family and my aged parents and we had to stand for several hours till the passengers who had occupied our seats got off the train by around 7 p. M. We do even find a tt to help us. Request you to kindly look into the matter as it has become a tension for us passengers to book a ticket in this train fearing we are not going to get our seats that we had reserved.   
 Dear sir/ma'am, As soon as i registered my complaint to your site one person having mob. No. [protected] contacted me and demanded my atm card no. So that he would refund my cancelled e-ticket (Pnr no.[protected]) amount. On argument said person threatened me for not getting my refund amount back if i don't disclose my atm no. This unfair practice is highly condemned. Kindly take quick action against the person having aforementioned mob. No. [protected].Thank youRahul mauryaAdvocateSupreme court[protected]   
 Dear sir/ma'amMy pnr no. Is [protected]. My train booking status was in waiting list at the time of chart preparation. There was no sms sent by you regarding cancelation of e-ticket. I did not board the train. Ticket has been cancelled but ticket amount has not been refunded. I have complained so many times at your email address, i. E. Care@irctc.co.in and etickets@irctc.co.in but there is no action taken. Kindly refund my ticket amount.Rahul maurya[protected]   
 Dear all (Responsible railway authorities) this is for the information train no. 19578 jamnagar - tirunelveli express. My pnr no. [protected] date of my journey[protected], scheduled departure from madgoan, 23:58. This has really hurt with the facility provided by central government to general public. Before i get to your notice the sate and central ministers have governent vehicles, flight travel who do not care for general public.The situation which i faced is really worst in my life. I had a meeting for which i had booked ticket thinking that i will reach at the prescribed time. But for my fate the train was delayed for 3 hours the train was suppose to reach at 6:20am. But reached at 10:15am the reason behind it is crossing. If crossing means it doesnt mean moving from one side. I would like to inform that our train halted but 4 trains was given the green signal. For name sake it is "express train". The train should be renamed to cycle train. Drivers are illegible and careless with their behaviour. The only solution is make railway privatization only then will have clean and best timely, prompt service. The nda government fails to handle the railway department is the conclusion i can give.Mr. Suresh prabhu - take some action only then i can call you railway minister.   
 My brother and me boarded the train tata kcg exp, train no 07439, on 18-07-17. This was expected to take us till kacheguda railway station at about 5 in the morning on 20-07-17. The train was already late for about 3 hours and we were still on the station named malkajgiri. After waiting for another about one and half hour they announced in telgu that the train cannot go further and the passengers will have to take bus to kacheguda station. Since we didn't understand telgu one of our co-passenger translated to us in hindi. I was literally disappointed by this as we had heavy luggage and we were new to this place. So we had no option but to take either bus or a taxi to my destination. Since we were new to this place we decided to go for uber.in-spite of opting for uberpool i had to pay around 200 rs. This was really disappointing and i expect an explanation along with compensation for my loss.Please reply me as fast as possible.   
 I was travelling in mumbai local.. And when i reached the bandra terminal, one of the tc asked me the ticket and i showed him the monthly pass. After showing this he take me to the station room and said u will have to pay the penalty. When i asked that person that i am having a pass why i should pay the extra amount. He started assaulting me by saying that if i dun pay the amount he will take me to the court directly. His fellow people was also encouraging him. He misbehaved a lot and also bringing a policeman in the picture to showcase his words.Money is not a major part in this but the way he took the advantage of his position was wrong.After asking his name he told me that his name is vivek kumar singh and headquater was in grant road and he was serving a bandra terminal.   
 I have purchased two tickets from reservation counter shahdol for shahdol to bhagalpur on 14 nov.17and return bhagalpur to shahdol on 18 nov.2017 for 5 passengers out of which myself is sr. Citizen. The pnr of onward journey is[protected] paid amount ₹2620/ by credit card, showing distance 1275 km via katni murwara by utkal exp and katni jn to bhagalpur by train no 12336. Pnr of return journey is[protected] paid amount ₹2125/ again by card.in ticket distance shown 990 km. This return journey is bhagalpur to allahabad by brahmaputra mail train no.14055 and allahabad to shahdol by train no 18206.Amount charged at the counter for onward and return journey is having difference of ₹495/ out of which ₹150/ is superfast charge in onward ticket, and net ₹345/ is extra charged to me and that is refundable to me in my card account.This is all about my complaint. My contact detail is as under...Name... Ram naresh gupta, (Banks retd. Officer)Add. Opp. Polytechnic college, pandav nagar, shahdol m. P. 484001Mob. No. [protected]Email. Rg024995@gmail.com   
 I'm a resident of kakkalur and is use putlur station a point for commute. People using this station include (Sipcot employees, pilgrims, students and other common residents) but there is no safe entry point for this station. We have risk by crossing tracks by all means.In addition to this once it dark in the evening it gets crowded by anti social elements for all means. It gets danger in late nights. Please consider commuters request and take necessary actions.   
 Chief Reservation Supervisor (Officer) of Reservation Centre, Jabalpur Junction (WCR) has refused me to issue tickets in student concession quota because of overwriting in my concession form because in the column of age our college's clerk had written our sex then he tried to correct it in his overwriting. I had told to Chief Reservation Supervisor to resolve the problem by verifying our age but he had said a clear cut no to me.   
 Dear sir..This is with regards to two wheeler parking at sanathnagar railways station in hyderabad. Usually at other stations we will have 12 hours and 24 hours parking facility so that the more time we park we will charge lesser amount. But in sanathnagar station they are charging rs10 for 3 hour's. It will be a additional burden for the travellers who are frequently traveller. So my request is to implement 24hrs basis for the convenience of travellers. Thank you.   
 There is only one platform in khurdpur railway station, jalandhar, punjab. Opposite side only railway track is there. No platform is available. If train halt that side, passanger have to face a lot of difficulties to board on train. Sometimes it would be dangerous. Therefore i am requesting to concerned authority to please at list mail train must halt platform n.1   
 Hello sar mera name sumit hai mane 2tekat book krwai thi lekin wo gum ho gai ha or pnr no bhi delet ho gya hai plz help sar gadi hai amar pali exprees date hai 29 julay 2017 time 12;30 gorkh pur to panipat plz sent my pnr no plz plz plz name hai sai sumit my wife name urmila plz sair help kar do mera pnr no sent kar do mera mobile no joragiter hai mane tekat wale ko diya tha wo hai [protected]   
 Pnr:[protected], train:56503, doj:21-07-17, sl, gy-bza, dep:16:00, Janakamma+1, s2 45, s2 46, Fare:550, sc:0.0+pg+insAs we are traveling from gooty to vijayawada the t c had taken the e ticket and harassed for original proof. We had xerox copy of our id card but he is not accepting for that. He said our tickets are cancelled and we should pay the fine. His behavior is too bad on passengers. After long discussion he returned ur ticket. Kindly taken action on t c. Above r the details of our travel.   
 Sr i am traveling in jhelum express 11077 b2 29 is my berth seat my boarding station was gwalior the condition of coach is very bad no attender come to me to give bed sheet pillow and blanket when i approached to attender he is lying on his bed and did not give me any response in my berth there is lot of used bed sheet and no one come to clean the cabin and coach also flies are breeding   
 Sir in train 19031 on today 21 jul 17 while travelling from gnc to dli at s5-54 berth, i (Sk rathi) found that tte mr rl choudhary is letting a local gutkhawala to board the train to sell gutkha in train from jawai bandh station; i complained the same to tte but he become furious at me and told "tum apna kam karo mujhe mera kam mat sikhao" and had gone without expelling that gutkhawala.Later when i was gone to my freind in s-4 to hav a little talk and sit there for a while without dusturbing copassengers, that already furious tte mr rl choudhary came and asked me to leave and go back to my berth. I politely told him that i am going juss after couple of mins, but he shouted on me and pull me along to my berth.I told him that he is misbehaving and going beyond tolerance but he Boasted again that "tere se jo hota hai kar le main rl choudhary hu"Sir it was really embarrasing and beyond tolerance but i didnt do anything but messaging you to please look into the matter and take immediate action against such irresponsible and boasting tte who instead of expelling guthkhawala misbehaved with passengers on complaining about the same sir.With hope you take immediate action sir..- sk rathiS5-5419031 dtd 21 jul 17[protected]   
 Dear sir, I'm facing very horrible situation with ghy tvs expressI was booked e-ticket on 13-jul-2017 from: visakhapatnam (Vskp) to vijayawada jn (Bza) on that day i'm facing very horrible situation as i reserved d1 coach is not available, i have 2 year old kid and my father age is 66 years and my mother 54 years she had a knee pain also we are search for d1 coach from train front to back two to three times but that coach is not available, the train is fully pickup with passengers even reservation compartments also like general compartments, i informed same thing to tc also he told very irresponsible answers in his duties, get in any other reservation compartment or get in any other train with this ticket is that answer is correct???, please remove this type of train in irctc reservation system.I need a specific reasons for d1 coach is not available in my boarding point, who is responsible if any emergency case happen with my family on that situation, my father is hart patient, my mother had a knee pain and i have 2 years old kid we running on platform for searching d1 coach form train front to back two to three times and that tc also giving very irresponsible answers in my boarding point... On that day i have booked tickets to private travels bus and i was traveled in bus...   
 Me divya jha kya hum surakshit he train me bilkul nahi mere sath train me kuch aisa ghatna ghata meri train thi 10/07/2017 train no-19052 train ka naam sharmik express coach s9 birth no-62-64 mujhfferpur se udhna tak me so rahi thi time tha 2:30 am 5 badmas aaya or mera parsh sir k niche se leke bhag gaya jab me uske piche bhagi to ek ko pakad li to wo mujhe marne laga or train k gate k pass le gaya fir bhi me usko nahi chhodi tab public utha to wo log train vacump karke utar gaya mera parsh me jo saman tha ek gold ka earing 50000 ka dusra earing 7000 ka mangtika 20000 ka nak ka nath 10000 ka pair ka payel 7000 ka bache ka gale ka luket 5500 ka mera gale ka luket 7000 ka sab le liya 8000 kase paise husband ka ghadi titan ka vivo ka mobile ek 17000 ka dusra mobile vivo ka 8000 ka jab grp complain kiya to wo bhi time se nahi aaya 28 ghante bad aaya apka grp yahi aap log suraksha train me dete ho mera yahi railway se request he k mere liye kuch kare maine consumer complain kar diya he agar kuch nahi kiya railway to me consumer court jaungi ok mera contact no he [protected]   
 I was travelling in s1 boogie, seat number 21. It was raining heavily and to my surprise, the boogie had water leaking through the top. While boarding train, i realized it was an old boogie with torn seats and no charging point attached to seat. This was not much of an issue but when i was in my seat sleeping, the water droplets fell on me, i got drenched and my phone got damaged, who's gonna bear the losses? Do i book a railway ticket to get drenched like this? If this is such an old boogie, why not replace it? Isnt there any checking performed before attaching a boogie?   
 Respected sirI had confirmed ticket from jhansi to pune an had to travel in urgent mode for getting admission in my college i reached the station early but due to some confusion i went to the wrong platform as soon as i realized this i got to the other platform an told the train gurd to stop the train as the train did not cross the platform but instead of stopping the train he did not listen due to which i had to suffer losses.It's my request to plz recheck with the concerned guard who could have stopped the train but he did not.   
 Myself varsha verma was travelling from hardoi to varanasi in ac 2 tier coach no. Ha-1, seat no. 17 on 18/7/2017 by train kashi vishwanath express (Train no. 14258) & my pnr no. Is [protected]. Coach attendent mr. Teerth raj mob no. [protected] was stolen my mobile and misbehaved with me when i asked a simple question have you seen any stranger person in this coach. Even he was roaming at night when people were sleeping. Kindly take action against this employee.   
 Yesterday i was booking a ticket in train no - 22812. Name - vishal saxena. Mob - 09838422564. While coming to the payment window, the money got deducted from my punjab national bank debit card 2813. It happened twice, a total of 5626 was deducted from my account. And at last the ticket was also not done... It was showing a pop up window showing bank declined payment.   
 I had booked rail ticket pnr no.[protected] swiping the debit as an initiate of cashless transaction for journey on[protected] akola to mumbay tr. No. 12112ticket no. 5553683 amounting to rs. 1065/- and cancelled on[protected] at 21.05 hrs. The station master, akola rly. Stn. Has given ticket deposit receipt no. 488629 against deposition of original rail tickets.Secondly i had booked rail ticket pnr no. [protected] swiping the debit as an initiate of cashless transaction for journey on[protected] mumbay to akola tr. No. 18029 ticket no. 5553684 amounting to rs. 315/- and cancelled on 2-1-2017 at 15.10 hrs. The station master, akola rly. Stn. Has given ticket deposit receipt no. 488576 against deposition of original rail tickets.I have sent both the ticket deposition receipts vide registered post on[protected] to chief commercial manager (Refunds), new administrative building, iind floor, central railway, mumbai - 400 001.Inspite of my repeated reminders i have not received refund amount or reply from chief commercial manager (Refunds), mumbai though a period of five months is elapsed.Now i feel that i should not have supported the initiative of cashless transaction and should have booked the tickets in cash from window so that immediately i would have received the amount.I would request you to kindly help me in getting the refund from the railway authority.Thanking you, Yours faithfully, Gajanan r. KateBehind pragati typing institute, Near old umri naka, umri small, Post jatharpeth, akola, tq. And dist. Akola 444 005.Cell no. [protected]   
 Sir, I traveled in chennai jodhpur sf exp. Train no : 22663 from nellore to ahemdabad as on dt:15.07.2017&16.07.2017. Mr. Gs shukla came for checking at bhusawal station. I shown him my original ticket and id (Pan card and aadhaar card). Mr. Shukla is not accepted that put penalty rs.4070/- (Rupees four thousand and seventy). Am requested so many times mr. Gs shukla told go and compliant to mr. Suresh prabhu. Is it a way to treat passengers? Requesting you to please reimburse the penalty amount and do the needful justice.   
 On 16.07.2017 i was went to delhi jn. (Dli) for see off to my friend by amritsar katihar express 15708 on approx. 14:50 when i reached there was no ticket vending machine only a single window was open and long queue for general tickets due to shortage of time i couldn't take plate formticket, when railway staff detain me i was accepted my guilty and ready for pay the panelity but asked them to show the panelity list for rs.260/- they misbehaved with me and rush me to grp station and forcefully asked me to pay 50/-extra i. E rs.320/- for charges of argument and treat me like a robber, behavior of railway staff atold delhi station with passenger is very bad need to improve thanks sumit kumar   
 Dear sir/ma'am, My goods were being couriered by train from chennai to mumbai. Train no - 11042Departure date - 15/07/2017The railways informed that there has been theft on the train. My goods were worth almost 2 lakh rupees (I have bills) I request railways to probe the matter, or compensate me as it was because of their negligence that the goods were stolen.   
 Dear sir, I have booked a parcel on 5th july 2017. Parcel was dispatched from ujjain (M. P.) and booked for mathura (U. P.). But still parcel is not being traced at mathura station. My ticket no is a943181. Please take action against matter soon because it contains important documents and valuable things.Please look into the matter and ensure earliest delivery of my parcels. Regards Sunita goenkaEmail id - sunita. Goenka01@gmail.com   
 Date of incident - 17.07.2016During my journey from mugalsarai (Mgs) to jodhpur (Ju) on 16.07.2016 via howrah - jodhpur express - 12307, pnr - [protected]. My bag was damaged by rat during the journey. I lost my some precious materials and cloths along with brand new trolly bag.-anything damaged or lost in railway is railways property & railways duties to help me in all sort to realize & after not doing so, anyhow they have to pay me refund.I feel i should go against railways in consumer forum for same.   
 Sir, i had booked two parcels (Refrigerator and washwing machine) from bhubaneswar to samalkota jn on 15 jul 17. Already i got the messages that 02 out of 02 pkgs of prr no.[protected] loaded from bbs in train no.17015 on 16 jul 17. Then i got message 02 out of 02 pkgs of prr no.[protected] unloaded at sc from train no.17015. Now the railway staff of samalkota jn saying me you will suffer and railway is not responsible for it and we dont know when your items will come.   
 1. There are ridiculously lesser number of trains running from lonavla/talegaon to pune or pune to lonavla. 2. No tc at all in the evening trains - 6 pm/ 7 pm starting from pune staion.3. All non first class pass holders get into first class compartments. No tc.4. Ladies first class compartments are so small.This has to be resolved at any cost. Tired of this kind of travelling. Already a written complaint was submitted. But no action.   
 Train 22481 scheduled to depart at 7p. M., departed at 11.15 p. M. On 16th july 2017. Nobody at the platform or station had any information regarding the delay. We tried calling 139 several times but didn't receive any response after punching in all the details. Many foreigners were also traveling and cursing the indian railways. Such unprofessionalism puts our country in bad light. We had an urgent meeting at office in morning that got missed. We couldn't even reach our city. Horrible experience. 6 hours delayed train   
 I'm maria, from colombia and i bought an elephant-shaped porcelain in rajasthan textile development corporation (Pushkar) they said they would send it to colombia and since april 18th it doesn't appear. No one give me solution, it was sent through indian postal office with tracking number cr426296935in and i need you to please help me knowing what happened with it and what i have to do to recuperate the parcel or my money, there is a complaint in the postal office with number 10007612867 but they haven't give me any answer. Thank you.   
 Sir, We were travelling from puri to agra in train utkal express and train no 18477. My pnr no 630-3799665 in that train. I have my child girl of 5yrs of age. Already four tte checked our tickets and he said ok. When we were reached our destination station then a tte came who is seated from jhasi... He stopped us and said that there will be charged a ticket for my child. Noone asked for the ticket before that. Even after that we were ready to give the half ticket but he refused and asked for penalty because we were not ready to pay 200 rs. Without any reason which asked to pay to tte. When we asked for the reason for that 200 rs then he used abusive words towards us and said "tumhari family sath nhi hoti to batata tumhe or ye charge dena pdega tumhe". When i again started the argument then he charged extra fare for my child. My coach no is s11 and seat no rac55, rac55 and rac63. After that argument someone told me that "aesi complaint uske against pehele bhi 2-3 jano ne ki thi or use bahut sunaya bhi tha railway department ne" When i reached and take my luggage out, i directly went to the office of railways, there is someone at designated officer who told me to file thee complaint against him and the action will be taken properly. It is my request that if i am wrong then all ttes who came before he came then they all are also wrong. Or ye possible ho nahi sakta ki sab ek sath galat ho ek hi baat ke liye. So please take necessary actions.   
 On 15th June 2017. taken fine by Cheating in train no 22610 intercity expressTaken extra fare and billed the fine with another train no.16603, . real fraud done by the ttr today.. actualy fine charge was 265. and billed for 390..Bill No. 299937The ttr doesnt had an id card or name frame in his shirt..i confirmed the fine charge from the station and they told me its 265. So please take necessary action against todays ttr of train no 22610 intercity express. then how he charge me in maveli express for the season ticket??Today wen i contacted the station master to inform the issue, he is laughing and not taking the issue seriously. and says that their wont be taking any action, only will just look into it. Please take necessary action against that fraud ttr
Dear sir, This is bring to your kind notice that, i am regular passenger of nagpur rajnandgaon. I found that tte of nagpur to bilaspur and bilaspur nagpur tte collect! 00 rs. From passenger and allow to sit in reserve passengers birth. Rs.100 which they collect they are non receipt and direct loss of railway revenue. No body bother to stop this type of corruption. Tte gaining much more to looting railway. Please arrange a special squad to check and stop these type of corruption. Arrange local train between nagpur to durg in intercity express more than five boogie to be treated as sitting reservation facility of rs.20.00 only. Please look in to it to save railway.   
 My complain as of date is pending home track complaint : reference number : *	w/sc/bza/[protected] please enter the value of one field * name of complainant :	goutam bhattacharya contact number :	[protected] date of incident :	22/4/17 email : gbtunir@gmail.com submitclear reference no	registered date	complaint	sub complaint	status	comments	currently with action w/sc/bza/[protected]	07/09/2017 14:40	refund of tickets	pos refund	pending	designation	department	zone	division	station senior dcm	commercial	sc	bza	print my complain is please do the needful dear sir/madam please find herewith the attachment of cancelled ticket of gudur to santragachi on 22.04.17 pnr no. [protected] it was booked through debit card of syndicate bank on 14.04.17 debit card no. [protected] and cancelled on 22.04.17 at gudur railway counter but stiil date i am not yet received my money and also attaching railway grievance note and they are told that send a mail to andhra bank mail id bank statement attached please help and railway department also given your mail id and ph. No complaint description : dear sir/madam please find herewith the attachment of cancelled ticket of gudur to santragachi on 22.04.17 pnr no. [protected] it was booked through debit card of syndicate bank on 14.04.17 and cancelled on 22.04.17 at gudur railway counter but stiil date i am not yet received my money this is surrprising to me for one refund amount not yet credited in my account by railway department. Our govt. Asking for cash less india. My accounts details goutam bhattacharya syndicate bank, gudur branch, a/c no. [protected], ifsc code no. Synb0003478, debit card no. [protected] my previous complain to railway and your are told that i have to send mail to posrefund@irctc.co.in but they are not response please look in to the matter closing remarks: sir, your grievance for refund case has been examined, this being a pos machine swiping issue, you are requested to contact andhra bank credit card division for refund on phone no:[protected] & 09. Your debit/credit card no. Bank account details may also be mailed to andhra bank on email id:ccdvisa@andhrabank.co.in for process of refund. Since tdr was not issued in this case, ccm/cco/refunds office has no role of process in this case. Andhar bank mail copy dear sir, as per our record there is no refund for card no [protected] is found. But as the image of cancelled ticket provided, the said ticket was cancelled as electronic refund hence, you are request to please contact railways for electronic refund regards, ashish ranjan sr. Manager visa section, credit card division, andhra bank, hyderabad now this time is not clear from your end then i will go for leaglClosing remarks:   
 Pnr.[protected]. Train 12429. I suresh pathak booked window ticket. But on chart my name was printed saurabh. Tte rajesh kumar.in coach b4. Charged pnelty 1250. I asked him complaint book but tte start misguiding n threatning me. I asked many time for complaint he start abusing. I call 100 no. But no response.. All tte and rpf staff not supported. I went to train superintendent. He was not available. Plz help me.. Suresh pathak   
 I jitendra kumar advocate from samastipur, ° i booked tickets for kishanganj from barauni, till then tickets for kishanganj were booked but later the route was changed, due to which i did not make the ticket chart cancel by the ticket, then i canceled the ticket, but later in 195 rupee only rs 75 was returned so i want to complain so that my remaining rupee can come back pnr no [protected] date of traveling is 17.09.17   
 I am nri, recently visited india and now back to us. I want to share my awful experience with one of nr tte. I was travelling on sep 2 through ndls-chd shatabdi (12045) from delhi to ambala. I somehow managed to board train from delhi in time but in hurry did not realized i am sitting in c2-47 instead of c1-47 (My confirmed seat). However, tte jaspreet kaur (Was not able to read name clearly) behavior was very pathetic and caused a lot of embarrassment to me as she started fighting with me on this mistake, i apologized but in vain. Shatabdi being a premium train should have ttes who are more courteous and educated than her. She does not deserve to travel in shatabdi. Her behavior really portray bad image of ir. My pnr no -256-4230039, travel date: sep 2, 2017.   
 My journey agra to vijayawada my gadi number is 16032 my pnr number [protected] coach number s_8 seet number 57 my problem is changing point & fan is not working please solve the problem my contacts number [protected] Mail address vishnugupta251@gmail.comPlease return my moneyWorker is coming but problem is the solved charging point & fan not working again please solved my complaint...   
 Dear sir / madam, I have booked a ticket from chennai egmore (Ms) upto coimbatore junction (Cbe) for the journey dated 23rd sep 2017 by ms ers express (06033). Pnr is [protected].Offlate, i have noticed that the train ms ers express (06033) is delayed by 5 hours 20 minutes (Scheduled start from chennai egmore was 10:40 pm on 8th sep 2017 but actual start was 4:00 am on 9th sep 2017).Current running status of train 06033 is 5 hours 55 minutes delayed as on 10th sep 2017 3 pm.Also i have observed that the train ms ers express (06033) has delayed by 1 hr 55 mins on 16th sep 2017 (Original scheduled start 16 sep 2017 2240 hrs but actual start 17 sep 2017 0035 hrs). Besides the delayed start, the train has reached the destination by 4:03 hrs (Actual arrival 17th sep 2017 1448 hrs but the original expected arrival is 1045 hrs). I was not aware of the delays of train 06033 and have booked the tickets earlier.Could you please tell the reason for such a huge delay at the source station chennai egmore (5 hours 20 mins) and what actions southern railway will take to prevent such huge delays in future?As i mentioned above, i have booked tickets for 23rd sep 2017 in ms ers express (06033), how will railways ensure the departure and arrival of the train will not be delayed?I have paid rs. 390/- per ticket and booked 3 tickets for my family rs. 1170/- for 06033 on 29th sep 2017.in case i cancel this ticket, i will lose 120x3 = rs. 360/- which is a loss for me.Could you please ensure the train will depart from chennai egmore by 2240 hours on 23rd sep 2017 and also reach coimbatore jn by 0650 hrs the next day 24th sep 2017 as per the original schedule?Thanks, Ramesh[protected]Ramesh. Baburao@gmail.com   
 We have booked 4 tickets from mysore to tirupati in train number with pnr number [protected] on 17.9.2017 and our births are s[protected] in our berths lot of other people came and even not allowed to sit in our seats ticket inspector not yet all come to berth for checking. Even though we are reserved tickets we are not allowed to take our seats. Please take proper steps and take action such incidents will not repeat such incidents   
 Horrible experience!!Sir, today i went to escort my old parents travelling by janshatabdi train leaving at 6:10 am. There was no platform information in tv display or audio at 6:00 am. When inquired at the counter they said it will be announced later. We waited finally the train arrival information came along with platform information. We were shocked because it was 4 minutes left and my old parents cannot run up the stairs and reach other platform. We had no time to check any other transport options. With great difficulty when reached the platform. The train was just arriving.in hurry we checked the display for coach position. The display information was not available. We had to ask co-passengers to find the d3 position. Somebody told it is far on front side. I had to literally lift my father and run to the d3 coach and put them in train. We had almost missed the train. I really do not believe it is one of the metro city station. And the situation is shameful. I checked the with other passengers and got to know that it is usual there.  
 With reference to above mentioned subject it is requested that the parking contractor is charging undue parking charges at Rana Pratap Nagar railway station Udaipur. The parking charges fixed for two wheeler is as under ;-0-4 Hrs - Rs 5/-4-12 Hrs - Rs 10/-12-24 Hrs - Rs 20/-After 24 Hrs - Rs30/- or part thereofFor 36 Hrs parking, the charges for two wheeler should have be Rs 20/- + Rs 10/- i.e. Rs 30/-. But the contractor is charging Rs 50/-.Please do needful against parking contractor and Station Master.Copy of Rs 50/- charged by contractor for 36 Hrs parking charges for two wheeler Rj-12 M 5238 is enclosed. Also instruct to refund excess levied amount.   
 Train kalindi express (Cnb-bnw) cancelled, but no prior information of booking person and not arrange alternate train.Please tell me what to do, only single train run between farrukhabad to delhi and my 5 tickets (Between 8sep to 18 oct) booked here, so please tell me alternate option.Atleast informed to ticket booking person about cancellation of train.Such a irresponsible railway in india now.Please take action and register my complaint.   
 Dear sir, There is lot of broker (Dalal), they create lot of problems and fight with other people for standing in queue, whenever i go and seen these broker, they comes daily and taking lot of number for tatkal ticket. This is everyone know include our rpf and railway counter employee. We facing lot of problems please remove them, Location - faridabad reservation counterStation - faridabad (Fdb)Your faithfully Anil kumar   
 I was travelling in train no. 12474 under pnr no. [protected], coach no. A-2, berth no. 11. Under my berth litters were there and there was bad stink. I requested the bed roll provider to call the cleaning staff. He replied that since the cleaning staff are not paid, there is no cleaning staff available.The tte came about 1 hr after the departure of the train from new delhi from where i boarded the train. I told him about my serious objection. I told me that this time he will not be able to help me, but at kota station he would definitely lodge the report and inform the cleaning staff. However, even after kota nobody came to clean. The whole night i could not sleep. I request you to compensate me for the agony from the personal liability of the erring staff particulary tte who did not care to order safai karamchari.RegardsD s saha[protected][protected]   
 Dear All responsible officers of WR, We had booked our tickets thru your mobile app for Kutch express (22955) with PNR no [protected] with online payment Rs. 885/- transaction id [protected], for 03 adult passenger with waiting list. After 2 days it was not conformed so that we had cancelled this tickets thru mobile app. (All related screen shot attached here for your ready reference)We had cancel our tickets as on 07.09.2017 & got the mail from ticketadmin@irctc.co.in that the final amount after deduction charge amount Rs. 705/- will be credited to your account, but till date it will not received by me.I had called to your customer care no.[protected] to Mr Manoj but he told us that systme has down & we can't help you for that.We are requesting you again sir please look after this matter as early as possible & sort out this matter by credit this amount to my account from where I had booked my tickets pleaseRegardsNilesh KachhiaM : [protected]   
 I was made a ticket through irctc on 9th sept'2017 in poorva supper fast trainBut this train has been canceled on that day. So please refund the money.Please find the details:-Pnr:- [protected]Train no :- 12303Passenger name :- md zeyaul haqueDoj:-9th sept'2017Journey :- from asansol to new delhi Regards, Zeyaul haque[protected]   
 We have tried to send one consignment of mattress through railway from kanpur to hyderabad. Staff reached kanpur station (Govindpuri) with consignment. Staff there informed us to contact one mediator (Jagdish bajpai) there. He told us it will take approx 13500/- to book consignment. We handedover consignment and money to him. After 10-15 minutes he came with buily of 19000 something and asking for 7000/- in addtion which he said is for booking clerk. We informed him that this is very costly and we dont want to send the consignment. He said you have to pay 5000 for penalty for canceling consignment and also he refused to give us any receipt. Booking clerk told us no receipt will be issued and if you want go to allahabad.   
 Dear sir, I had booked a ticket for sealdah rajdhani to new delhi for 14-09-17. But i was issued a ticket for hwh-nyd. Kindly check my requisition slip as well. That reads a ticket for sealdah as the boarding station. Assuming i have a ticket for my desired boarding station i boarded the train on 14-09-17. Which later to my despair (When asked by the ttte) realised it to be a wrong ticket. My ticket details are given below... Kindly guide me what and how do i get the refund of the same as i had to issue a new ticket from asansol. Pnr:[protected].Seeking for a positive response from your esteemed end.Thanking you.Regards, Hakikat rai kapoor.   
 Train no 18645 running delay of 3hr 55min not even trying to cover the delay train from strating as i am seeing from rjy unnecessarily stopping delayingAlready i complaint indian railways about this morning they said noted but now also not covering the delay.in secendrabad if i go 21:20 means 4hr 20min last i face problem for transport of high cost etc. Investing $19bn for bullet train project invest for safety and make train in time.   
 Dear Sir On 30 July 8.30 PM 12722 Dakshin Exp i travelled from Delhi to sikandrabad and pantry boy came with bad food and smell was coming from that food. Daal is bad and roti is very poor. I complaint in written to pantry car complaint book and number is 290232 dated 30th July 2017 with signature of manager. I have a copy of the same for your ref. If required I can show you.. I am waiting for your valuable feedback. Regards, R k sharma contact No [protected]   
 Hi, I have a booking in train no 12551on 23rd september my pnr no is [protected] and yesterday i came to know the train is cancelled.in this situation i am unable to get another ticket in any train up to howrah also on that day. Please give a special train or arrange seat for those who have tickets up to west bengal because in that route train is running. Otherwise please let me know what to do in this situation. Till now my amount is not refunded.Please reply me as soon as possible.Thanks, Sovon bhattacharjee[protected]   
 Luggage not received yetHello,  My prr no.[protected] of parcel two wheeler bajaj pulsar 220 hr 21g 3729 have not received yet i have booked it from bct (Mumbai central) to destination rok (Rohtak) jn on dated 10/9/2017. The parcel is loaded on 11/9/2017 in 19023 fzr janta exp p. R. R no. [protected] and it's not unloaded at rohtak junction bcoz of not proper communication of parcel unloading division. This is very bad that customer come to rohtak junction and there is no cooperation of railway staff. Plz give me the details of my parcel and plzz track this prr no. And give me proper detail of it and when it will delivered to me.Thank you.Prince khuranaPrincekhurana28@gmail.com+91 [protected]+91 [protected]   
 This train is the only train to reach at kancheepuram before 10 am. It reaches daily late for which daily official commuters suffering late. The signal management at chengalpattu, palur, walajabad railway stations are very poor. The railway authorities are requested to look into the matter and ensure that this train reaches at kancheepuram in scheduled time.   
 Why this complaint cell is opened. Answer is to save railway. Because this cell is not going to help anyone. Railway is like "ulta chor kotwal ko dante". Why because i cancelled my ticket vide tdr 047233 from narnaul (Nnl). Booking clerk advised me to keep tdr copy for future reference. I did so. But i did not get my refund. I did online complaint twice. Lastly railway did not refunded my money saying that i did not deposited my tdr copy at concrned office. Now find out who is suppose to tell me that tdr copy will be deposited and where will be deposited. I have spent a lot of money in last one year to get my refund. Who will tell me that railway raised two copy of tdr. What is meant of keeping one copy with railway. Why railway took my account number. Railway clerk says keep tdr copy for refund and now refund department telling refusing to refund. Is it not a dadagiri. Wah meri railway "chit bhi teri aur pay bhi teri"   
 I booked ticket in train no.12423 through irctc dated 1st sept, 2017 (Pnr. [protected]). I also booked return ticket on train no. 12424, dated 2nd sept, 2017 ([protected]). The train 12423 was cancelled by railways due to flood situation in bihar, and full refund was provided for this ticket. However, the train 12424 was not cancelled by railways. As i could not perform my travel on 1st sept, i was forced to cancel the return ticket manually for which irctc charged 25% charge. Please note that the return ticket cancellation was not my wilful cancellation. It was the railways problem of cancelling the onward train for which i had to cancel the return ticket manually. So, cancellation charge should not have been taken from me for this ticket too.So, i request you hereby for the needful to refund me the cancellation charge of ticket no. [protected] (Train no. 12424, dated 2nd sept). Else, give me the justification for which i do not deserve it. Please tell me whether i cancelled the return ticket for my mistake/wish/convenience or i cancelled the ticket due to railways related action.Regards, Bikash   
 This is related to train no 74033 (Delhi sarai rohilla to farukhnagar) dmu passenger running between delhi sarai rohilla and farukhnagar and this train has not run in its scheduled time in any single day. The distance between both the stations is only 48 kms and travel time is 1hr 35 minutes but the train departs around 50 minutes late every day from delhi sarai rohilla which is its originating station and accumulates late on the way too. Particularly working ladies and man's face trouble as it is uncertain when it will reach the destination. I am astonished when indian railway knows that the train cannot run in time why they print time table. It is better to discontinue the train between delhi sarai rohilla and farukh nagar as in this section no train runs in time even originating train from delhi sarai rohilla a starts 40-50 minutes and odd late and that too every day. Will the railway ministry will look into the matter and take steps to check the loss of hundreds of man hours, loss of students and employees using this train?   
 I booked the ticket from kalka to shimla and trains was cancelled on 26and 29aug due to issues in panchkula and government refunded only 1 rupee out of 2100 rupees. I will go to media. On 26aug in panchkula their was roits and all the trains from chandigarh railway station, kalka and near by areas has been canceled. My family and i have booked the tickets online and we were in the mood to go and enjoy with the family as i didn't have holiday with them in the past.   
 Local passengers had entered in reservation compartment in telangana exprss on dated 13 sept 2017. Because of them some people feeling uncomfortable even they have done their reservation. Local people had entered after mathura station saying that inercity is cancelled therefore they have entered in this train. I am also travelling from telangana exprss. Pls give some solution to us that how telangana exprss had became local train after mathura junction???   
 Sir,  I'm kalyan bid from kankinara. Last sunday i was go to bishnupriya halt that is near about nabadwip. And monday i was back from there through this station. When i go to the ticket counter for ticket, in that case i have no cash, only coins are available in my pocket. But the person who was sited on the ticket counter, he directly refused to take coins of rs.2. I was helpless in that time, because my daughter was with me she is too tiny. After some time i was beg from this guy that "please give me the ticket by coins". But the ticket seller was beahaved as an businessman. After that i was violently speak him up. But nothing worked. The time was near 7.30 p. M approx. Kankinara is too far from bishnupriya. So, at the last time i picked up the train without ticket with my tiny daughter. And i was so harrased by this immature works of a govt. Employee. And i really think to punnished all of those person who just take there job as an own business. Sir, i really don't know what should i do. But as an indian i want the justice.My ph no: [protected]/[protected]Mail i'd: tanmoyviper@gmail.com   
 I want to lodge a complaint regarding the railway. Let me start with the incident that happened because of the glitch from the railway portal endI booked ticket for bolpur s niketan station for 3 candidates in train (15659) (Kanchanjunga exp) from sealdah station for 31st-aug-2017. I came to know that from the enquiry cell that the train will not be available but still we are getting options to book tickets and moreover we are able to book tickets. And after knowing the incident when we are cancelling the ticket, howcome money is deducted when there is a glitch from portal's end. If the train doesn't have problem with their availability status, then when we are cancelling tickets the whole amount should be refunded. I guess the railway portal should be aware of that. I was refunded with 40 rupees when i cancelled it on 24th and again had to book another ticket for 31st again as i had a university work to do. I need my whole money refunded as it was a problem from the portals end. Please don't misutilise people's money like this. This is the request to the railway board to understand the financial status of all the person and donot take money in this unethical manner.Ps-i want my whole money to be refunded as no information was updated in the portal, instead there was ticket availability status and we could book the ticket. I believe action will be taken against this and improvement should also be done in the portal and i hope this portal is there to help people rather than muting the mouths or just for a showoff that you have a complaint portal   
 Dear sir, i cancelled my ticket from a computerized reservation counter and was told me that refund amount will be credited directly in my account but it has not been made yet. Could you please looking into the matter? Following are the details: pnr. No.[protected]: old ticket no.48289260. Train no.15960. Cancelled date:[protected]. Train name:kamrup express.   
 I have booked a ticket for 10 September 2017 from New Delhi to Vanaras in NDLS DBRT RJDHNI (12436). unfortunately, the train was canceled on that day without any information to the customer. I would like to request to refund the amount of booking. MY PNR No: [protected].I have booked through Paytm .or Please provide me the steps to be taken to get back the amount.   
 Sir,  My name is mayur bondre. On 2/09/2017 i was travelling from nagpur toPune in hatia express (22846), coach s9, seat no, 71. In between kopargaon and ahamadnagar someone snatches my mobile phoneAnd jumped from the running train. I had too tried to catch him butTrain is not so slow that i can jump. So pull the chain and ranTowards the the thief but he escapes. After pulling chain, no one came there to ask nor the police come toCheck who pulls the chain.So i request you to please the help me to find my mobile. I hadPurchased the mobile only three days earlier on 29\08\2017.I had complaint about it on email id of ahamadnagar railway police, but i didnt received any response from them. I am continuously mailing them. But not even single reply was received.Please take some actionThank you   
 Sir,  We are very used to this train because we get our flight from delhi airport in time. But now a days after ambala cantt it reaches ndls in minimum one and half an hour after its eta. For this reason we miss our flight. I don't know why after ambala cantt it become late. Sir it is a serious issue. Plz look after this matter seriously for its immediate redress. Thank you.   
 Can someone from higher authorities please ask mr modi when the local trains will be on time in mumbai.We as a people face so much of rush on daily basis just because trains are delayed.Every single transaction of a common man is tracked but when services like these will be regularised.Modi is planning bullet train with shinzo aabe someone please ask him when the local faculties will be proactive and will be on time.Siddpuraasis@gmail.com   
 Sir,  With due respect i beg to state that i have swiped my debit card at howrah railway reservation booking counter no 8 but transaction was declined but few hour later i have received message that my account was debited of rs 3700. Message from sbi bank attach herewith "thank you for using your sbi debit card 622xx9833 for a purchase worth rs3700.0 on pos 075100000100003 at er - howrah txn# 725305442180".Therefore i like to request if you kindly process to credit rs 3700.00 i will be highly obliged.Thanking youUdayan adhikari.   
 I had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no. [protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (11 sep 2017) parcel had not been delivered. And gwalior parcel office sevice persons are not responding to querries, and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. Plz help   
 I was travelling from kanpur to delhi. But due to waiting my pnr no. [protected] not cofirmed. So i meeted to a lady tt via collie. I purchased 3 journal ticket of 480 rupees. And collie has taken 1200 rupees and give me the details of my birth. Train no. 12801 coach no. S 2 birth no. 53, 54, 56. But that lady tt has not given me any cash receipt. Why   
 Sir, My name is vinu prasad. Because of some personal reasons i have visited mumbai for 10 days and on 29th of august i have booked a sleeper ticket from ltt - kcvl train no -22113 for the same day travel with premium tatkal fare - rs:1405 through irctc app and once i reached the station i able to know that the flood in mumbai stopped the movement of all trains. So i waited almost 16 hours and then i cancelled the ticket because the station people not given any proper information as the train will start or not. Then i log in to irctc website and cancelled the ticket and filed the tdr. Then i have booked a fresh ticket for ltt-tvc through current reservation. The other passengers who are booked the ticket from the counter all got the full refund for the same ltt - kcvl train. But my case was different as i booked through the irctc website. So i just follow the procedure and waited for the update from the railway regarding the refund for the ticket. On 5th september i received a mail from irctc showing that i am not eligible for the refund of the ticket. Could you please tell me why it happened as if a counter ticket person is getting full refund of the fare and i booked through the irctc website and i am getting zero refund. Please explain if you can???!!! As paid the dynamic fare of rs 1405 instead of rs 650 for a sleeper ticket. I was waited on the railway station for nearly 20 hours without food and drink and even not have place to sit or sleep as it was so over crowded.My permanent address as followsVinu prasad, tc-72/2308 (1), panickers house, ponnara nagar, muttathara, vallakkadavu po trivandrum -695008. Contact no -[protected]   
 Today i booked two tickets to and from from vadodara to bharuch. My journey hour is only 60 min but train late for 40 to 45 min. I can travel by my car also but when we see if two person travel then it is not good to travel from car. To save environment i used public transport and what i got from indian railways waiting on platform. No sitting arrangements, not a single fan on platform. I am with my 4 year old son. I want to show him that train is also good for travel. But i could not. Now he never want to travel by train. You can understand my feelings. Shameful to indian railways.RegardsAmit patelPnr no. 836 321 6227   
 Dear sir I am rajesh jain i am in kolkata and near by biddhan nagar railway station my complex name is merlin warden lake view I complain against the garbage Sir there are lots of problem in station because there are in front of the stall and back side is lots of garbage (Kura) i think never clean the garbage when the station is build and that problem is facing our complex and there are lots of mosqute, maralia, and lots of dengu you are the honable minister and i request you please look the matter urgently   
 Sir, I had a bulk booking in uchahar express (Train no-14217) dated (25/02/2017) the train was cancelled. L had submitted all the detailsAnd as the amount was more then 10, 000 the money was to be credited in the accounts but it has been 6months and the amount has not been credited. I can send u the detailsPnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]   
 Dear sir, We are today (08/09/17) traveling through train no 18501 in 2ac seat no 33, 34 and we had requested to the coach attendendent to do temperature settings as per standard set by raiway. But coach attendendent refused our request and argued​ us with misbehaving.Coach tte also communicated him but he became so rigid to change temperature.Request to take the appropriate actions and communicate us so that we can take refund for non ac journey for the particular span.RegardSumeet payak09737040932   
 Train no 03192 arrived at station santragachhi on 22:34 where in irctc and other website shows from 22:03 train departed.Still now (23:11) the train is standing at santragachhi. Train schedule time is 20:40 and rescheduled at 22:00pmIt is very dangerous for passangers who follow online status. Normally website update after occurrnce. But in this case. It is unacceptable.Please talk to concern station master.   
 Dear sir/mamKindly look into the matter that why train 14711 is getting too much late of its scheduled time... I had booked my seat in chair car coach for today... Have to reach to th home in malout asap...I booked my seat from patiala to malout... But because the train is getting late... I think it will not b easy for me to reach at home for latenight... Please improve the running time of all th trains and make sure that they run on their scheduled time so that people cant face any problem and harrasment... In hope of reply,  Regards   
 Good morning, This is from human rights welfare organization. We have received an complaint from a public stating that, the person has traveled in the train kavery express and the train number is said to be 16021 and 16022 and mentioned that, there is a high range of maintenance problem, no clean toilets, safetyness of luggage, rats & insects problem. High chances of peoples getting health issues and diseases also no security for the passengers safety. Please do take the necessary action and resolve the problems for the public.Thanks & regards, Human rights welfare organization.   
 Sir, Im a public, i traveled in kavery express train no : 16021 and 16022, there is no good and clean atmosphere in there. Toilets are not clean, not maintained properly, reserved coach has been used by unreserved peoples, no checking and there is no ttr, there is high problem in luggage security and there is no security people, rats and insects are there and has high possibility of health issues and diseases. Please take a necessary action of the above mentioned complaints and serve the public a good deed. Hoping for the best asap.Thanks, Public.   
 Dear sir, I want to inform you that train no.54417 (Delhi rewari passenger) always arrive delay and sir if train reach till 05:56 to 06:05 at bijwasan station then it stop for crossings of train no.12986 (Delhi-jaipur double daker) if train no 12986 delay 5-6 min then train no. 54417 stop for crossing. This is always ruttion of crossing. Gurgaon railway staff is working very causally. Gurgaon railway staff is very bad staff. Please take immedetally action on it.ThanksDaily passenger   
 Hi, I am here to complain regarding the dynamic fare pricing that was introduced in rajdhani trains. I am a regular traveler in nzm-bangalore rajdhani trains and i have been noticing the fare pricing of the rajdhani train (Train no. 22692). I was trying to book tickets from bhopal to bangalore on train no. 22692. The total fare from bhopal to bangalore was shown as rs. 3175 which included a dynamic fare of rs. 725. The base fare is rs. 1811 which means it is 40% on the base fare. However, the fare from nzm (The source station) to bangalore on the same train 22692 on the same date (1st december 2017) is rs. 2965 which is lower than the fare from bhopal to bangalore. There were more than 300 births available from nzm to bangalore whereas the booking position from bhopal to bangalore was wl2.I understand that the trains have certain number of birth quota from every station with highest quota from the source station. The number of birth quota from bhopal to bangalore is far less than from nzm to bangalore. For e. G. I see that there are only 8 births in the reservation quota from bhopal to bangalore as compared to 311 birth quota from delhi to bangalore for train no. 22692.Due to this, as soon as even 5 births are booked from bhopal, the dynamic fare system kicks in which is added to the base fare. This results in the tickets from bhopal to bangalore more than the fare from delhi to bangalore on the same train at the same time. This is not fare pricing policy and is some form of cheating from railways. I have seen that more than 100 seats from delhi to bangalore remain available many time till the last date of travel whereas the railways is charging excess fare from stations like bhopal and nagpur on the same train at that time. Given this fare pricing system, it is cheaper to book the ticket from delho to bangalore and then change the boarding station to nagpur as compared to booking the ticket directly from nagpur to bangalore in rajdhani trains. This type of dynamic fare system should be relooked at by railways and corrected so that the passengers are not forced to pay more using this pricing strategy.Himanshu agrawal[protected]   
 Owing to private compulsions i cancelled my railway tickets (Pnr 840-8860845) for journey from cstm to howrah, purported to be undertaken on 16.02.17 in proper manner in the office of the acm, ser under chief commercial manager (Refund), ser, kolkata-700001 on 13.01.17 and duly applied for refund of fare in prescribed format on 16.01.17. It needs mention that though i had bought my reservation ticket (Confirmed) bearing no. 06376982 from city booing centre at cornwallis street, kolkata-700004, refund against cancellation was not allowed from the city booking centre ss per extant order. It is unfortunate and pitiable that even after lapse of seven long months, the refund office of the c. C. M, ser has not cared to refund me the admissible fare against cancelled ticket. Time and again i have personally visited the office-in question, called on the dcm (Refund), but to no avail. I mailed to c. C. M, ser and the honourable minister but i i have received no communication from the office in this regard. I am a senior citizen living on my meagre pension. Rs. 5430.00 as is reportedly payable to me is not a small amount to me. I fail to see how can the authorities be so callous, insensitive and indifferent to public grievance. Hope some positive response.   
 1. Pnr no.-[protected] (Train no. 12632/ nellai express)- refund amount - rs.795/-2. Pnr no.[protected] (Train no.16723/anantapuri exp)- refund amount - rs.705/-I cancelled the above mentioned tickets on 21.08.2017 but till now no money has come back in my bank account.All the numbers provided online from irctc is fake and nobody is picking up. Call is not also getting connected.I have written mail in irctc email id but no response is received yet.Kindly do the needful otherwise i have to file a complaint to consumer forum. 
 Hi, I took train 15203 (Pnr [protected]) on 30st oct from mfp but train was late without reason and bad planning and running by rail staff and reached lucknow around 3 hrs late at 3:59 pm on 31st oct. Due to this i missed my shatabdi 12003 (Pnr [protected]) for gzb at 3:35pm on 31st oct. This happened only due to railway bad planning and delay the train without any reason. So request you to refund the amount of rs3195/- asap.Waiting for quick and positive response. — Thanks n regardsKumar jyotiM: +[protected]E: kumarjyoti2478@gmail.com   
 I booked a ticket from reservation counter on 16 oct 2017 and after chart ticket remain waitlisted. After which i went to surrender the ticket and get my refund but unfortunately standing in queue for half an hour counter went out of service and i have to cancel my ticket online. After that i called customer care where i was informed that refund cab be taken in 3 days. But when i went to reservation counter they refused. I have raised 2 complaint on railway website but with no result. Complaint are closed without appropriate action. Please help me   
 Tdr number:[protected]Pnr : [protected]Tdr filing date: 29-sep-2017 23:28:42 hrsReason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Rain no./name: 04405/dbg dli specialDate of journey: 29-sep-2017Boarding: gorakhpur jn (Gkp)I have to file tdr as the train was delayed for more that 13 hours with no surity when it will start. Had filed the tdr but yet not action has been taken for refund   
 My son sandeep agnihotri along with his his wife mamta planed return journey to mumbai after diwali holiday by booking e tickets for the train no 121514 from habibganj on 27th oct. Pnr no : [protected], confirmed seat no a1-4 & a1-6Unfortunately they could not board the train due to the faulty information display system at the habibganj railway station as well as on the train bogie. The detail of the incident is as follows;We reached habibganj station at 17.55 hrs. On time. We sat on the platform no 2 where the train was schedule for departure at 18.20 hrs.•	the bogie of the train on platform no 2 was wrongly displayed agra to habibganj instead of habibganj to ltt.•	there were no announcements made on the platform regarding departure of train. •	the train number 12151 on the platform was not displayed Soon after the departure, when the train moved out of the platform then the display system started displaying the train number 12151 whereas the train had actually left the platform.Due to failure of all the information system they missed the train Since there was no other option left i had to book alternative ticket through agent pnr no [protected] for return journey by pushpak express 12533 with an additional financial burden of rs 8380.   
 Our parents had a journey from ndls to hw via 04416 train, which was supposed to be reach hw at 13:00 hrs but was late for more then 2.5 hrs with no reason.The condition for the old people is more worst as the return journey was on same date.So they boarded the train on 30th oct on same train 04415 from hw to ndls, but the train is again late by around 5 hours.So need to know what is the compensation mechanism if the train late by more then expected time and due to that the inconvenience caused by lot many passengers.   
 I boarded the train from madhupur junction with unreserved super fast ticket to kolkata. After boarding i asked t. T to allot a berth in ac or in sleeper as because it's 5 hrs journey and he replied that he will off course provide me berth in ac but i have to pay rs. 500 to him otherwise he can't.Now my question is that why should a passenger will pay more than the ticket amount to anyone if there is vacant seats in compartments. The person who next boarded the train was provided seat in ac because he paid to the amount to t. T. I request to honable railway minister to take strict action against the person who is asking for bribe from passengersThanking you, Piyush kothari   
 Garib rath pnr no [protected] and train no 22409. It is so disgusting that the above train is so late. The train was suppose to reach at mughal sarai junction on 11.07 pm which reached nxt day at 3.15 am. It was about to rch anand vihar terminus at morning 11.50 am but till it has not rchd ghaziabad.Now it is shown on m-indicator that sit will reach ghaziabad at 8.00 pm while at anand vihar terminus at 8.30 pm. If the train is running by this speed then it is impossible that it will reach by 8.30 pm also.What if people have booked another routes further to anand vihar terminus? How they will reach on time? Why railway doesnot take care of these things? Why railway do not think about the passengers who are travelling such long distances? It is that we have to waste hours in train rather than doing important things.Completely disgusting this service is.Swagata bagulBagulswagata@yahoo.com   
 Dear sir/madam, I had booked two ticket in 3rd ac and on the day of journey i got confirmed one berth (B2-52 and another one become as wl - 2).After start the train from asansol, i talked to tte and requested him that if you will get any chance to confirm my berth kindly confirm my berth.I am really very sorry to say that reach upto lucknow no buddy ask to me to confirm my berth.I had observe that who have wl 17 or 25 those passenger berth get confirmed.It's my humble request that seats allotment process should be as per priority / sequentially of wl.Please look into this matter and do the needful for same.Thanks in advance.Regards, Jai prakash prasad.   
 My complaint is regarding to train no 14681Everyday train schedule is going to revised & delayedIf department can't focus & maintain schedule then close this train30 oct - reschedule 16:45 (Actual will be change)29 oct - actual delay by 8 hr 15 min28 oct - actual delay by 5 hr 05 min27 oct - actual delay by 1 hr 45 min26 oct - actual delay by 2 hr 35 minEvery passenger facing problem now days, most of reservation cancelTrain coach is empty due to train not running by actual scheduleMy suggestion is if department cant manage schedule on daily basis then no need to run this train.   
 Sir in the surrounding of purna jn. Railway station there is a new steel pipe fence are build/create. At the time of entry and exit people have facing problems for entry and exit. There is small space for exit and in the space of exit there a drainage hole on these drainage contain small around pipes. It creates difficulty to pass away it. Some time many people collapse on that exit. Please solve the problem.   
 I am traveling from udgir to aurangabad by aurangabad passengers train (57549), i have booked a seat of seat no 68 in s1.The tc of train taking money from passengers and allowing them to seat on my seat, when i was spoken against this to tc then they told me don't sleep on seat, travel by seating and let the other passengers also seat. When tc changed then that tc also did same, taking money from passenger without giving any tickets and seating them in reservations seat.Near about all the reservation seat were seated by general class passengers.Wery poore service fron scr.Take strong action against this.Avinash chandore   
 14321 train is always late. We don't know about how it's always 6 to 7 hrs late. If this train late any reasons please change the time of this train from beraly because in this train many kind of people's travellers they could not know the train is late so the are coming on the stations on time of the train. But they will reached on station train is late. At this time they are not able to go back home so they are stay at the stations.in this time on the stations unwanted is full of crowd. If stations is full of people many unwanted people make some unwanted work. Like thift, wigh girl's unwanted things.So i am suggested please change the time of this train or please make this train on time.Thanks Pawan Pnr number - [protected]   
 Dear sir.We travelled on 28 th oct from agra to sevagram in kerala express.On 28th october we purchased 9 packed food from bhopal railway station at 10.30pm. I dont remember name of store but it is written in italics and starts with "a".Food given was rotten. We expect railways to keep a watch on the main stores distributing food at railway station. Periodic and random check will be well appreciated.   
 I was traveling on date 27/10/2017 train no11463, 3a, b-3/13, pnr no-[protected]. There were a horrific scene got to know inside coach. So many cockroaches moving around in the coach. Cockroaches were able to see everywhere ones it was on my daughter's body. A lady copassenger who was travelling with her 3yrs old daughter suffering whole night that a cockroach went and bite inside her daughter's ear. Govt authorised dr called up on a station but he charged. The whole incedent shows the irresponsible behaviour of railway management.In a reservation form there is coloum of insurance.. So what kind of insurance, security and hygiene are providing here.. I m claiming to railways for my total money refund for such a traffic jurney and request to take right step against such issues so that no one else will be suffer.   
 Train number 14615, 3 tier ac b2 coach attendant was so busy in sleeping that he doesn't even opened the door of the coach at our boarding station. He did not even provide the bed sheets or whatever services they had to do, we had to go and call him for the services. If their work is for sleeping so he is the perfect man railways have recruited. Thank you.   
 I don't understand the concept of rac tickets? Why do indian railway keeps rac seats? Even after paying the ticket fare we have to share the seats. This is pathetic, i think this rac concept should be stopped. If there is 1 seat and 2 people in waiting either you people charge half amount of the ticket fare or else just give the seat to single passanger.   
 I complain to a tte at enquiry counter regarding cleaning of first class waiting hall. He announced the on duty cleaning staff report to first class waiting hall but no one came. This is very bad towards indian railway that this is the situation of first class. You think off what are the situation of other class. Kindly made proper arrangementss for this.   
 Sir,  I have booked my vehicle from amritsar to lucknow with indian railways on 25 th october 2017, i took general ticket for its speedy delivery but till now i have not received the same. My vehicle no is pb02de4310. The railway receipt nos is 722736. Further details are enclosed within. Its my request please look forward to my complain and solve it as soon as possible.   
 Incident date - 14th oct 2017Pnr number : [protected]Description: Train was delayed by more than 12 hours so cancelled the ticket before the original time of the train but no refund for the same is arranged. My journey was from gurgaon to jaipur which is of around 5-6 hours and the train which was scheduled for 5 am was already delayed by 12 hours, so cancelled the ticket around 2.30 am in the morning. Refund is refused as they say it should be with 4 hours of the train timing. The amount is more than 1k so i want a refund for the same   
 Pnr no. 816100079. I booked ticket in mumbai-howrah duranto for journey dated 29-08-2017. Due to derailment on the track the train was rescheduled 10.30 hrs. Late. I filed tdr no. 100000180660512 and applied for refund. No response. Then i filed a complaint with e-tickets as advised by irctc. The complaint was registered as irctc # 6763332. But even after three reminders and lapse of about two months there is no refund.Mahendra prasad   
 I am traveling in pushpak lko to mumbai pnr no - [protected], pantry car seller selling 7 rupees in 10 rupees. Tea is just for name it’s boiled water of tea colour. It’s so shameful that they are charging high price from the travellers then also not providing good product. Railway will never improve if no action will taken against such fraud. It’s not only with tea, they are selling each and everything worst and at high price, innocent travellers are getting cheated everyday   
 Dear sirI am ajay kumar coming from new delhi to bangalore i was sleeping in the train no.12628, karnataka express bogi no. S5. Seat no.55 (Pnr no.[protected]) early morning around 03:15 am station gulburga or wadi junction suddenly i wake up 03:40 am i am checking mobile in my bag it is not there i thought some one wondering there in the train. After i contacted to crpf persons i told to them they noted my name and my mobile number.They told please complaint your last station sbc bangalore but they are not responded.Please kindly log my complaint and do the needfulMobile make : redmi-4a dual simMob: [protected]Mob: [protected]Thanks & regardsAjay kumarMob:[protected]   
 This is to state that refund for a ticket cancelled since a long time period is pending with the *pnr number - [protected]* This ticket was cancelled on august 4th nd i was assured of getting my refund back in 3-4 days.. The railway customer care number is never available. No one attends to the call.Kindly look into it and refund the amount as soon as possible   
 Dear sir the train who comes from bhiwani to rewari at morning 6:40 am at bhiwani always late it's reaching time.in this train most of passengers are govt. And pvt workers they're never reached at there duty timing in between stations it's chain also pulled these activities are doing by the bad guys who traveling in this train daily the station master and the force never take any action in them. Plz sir solve this problem i m also a pvt employee train no is 54787   
 Ticket details Pnr:[protected], train:82907, doj:26-10-17, 2a, bct-ljn, dep:19:45, Rupendra+1, a1 31, a1 33, Fare:8670, sc:0.0+pg+insThis is the fare i am paying (This price is not of tatkal, this is of general booking) and train is getting stopped at every stating and at the outskirts for hell lot of time. If you are paying a price similar to that of flight you expect the train to atleast reach destination on time. Request you to atleast make sure that after paying this much amount, people reach their destination on time   
 Dear railway team, From past 10 years iam monitoring the trains between nandyal to guntur line are running 1 hour average delay and people are suffering a lot and they don't know whom to complaint properly, so please look into the issue, now we are in 21 century so expecting you will resolve this delay issue, time is money.Train nun - 57325, 56502   
 We are a regular passenger from chalakkudy to thrissur railway station. Train number 16792 palaruvi expresses does not stop at chalakkudy station which is a hub for as much as 3 lakhs of population. This train even stop at local stations between ernakulam to kottayam, in this regard i urge you to provide atleast 1 minute stop at chalakkudy station. So that hundreds of passengers and railways get benefited daily. Kindly look into the matter   
 02/10/2017 ; pnr no. [protected] ; train no. 12030, asr to ndls.I was accompanied by a senior citizen with confirmed return ticket between amritsar and ndls but when the train chart was put up at asr we were put on wl.Further, on approaching the reservation staff at ndls for refund it was denied on the ground it should've been applied at the origin stn and not at the arriving station. Thus we never got what we paid for (Rs,. 2030/-) and were denied reimbursement of fare paid on swarna shatabdi   
 TDR filled detail:-PNR NO. [protected], Transaction I.D: [protected], Train No. 03428, Date of Journey:- 17.10.2017 Cancellation I.D: [protected], TDR filling Date:- 18.10.2017 (12.27 P.M) Train was late more than 20 hours.Dear Sir, This is to inform you that I, Prasun Kumar Kumar Rao want to travel by Train against PNR. No.[protected] with my family & children-(Son- Pratik Kumar Rao (age-09 years), Daughter- Avni (age- 01 Year)), But your train is late again & again (more than three hours to twenty hours….). Kindly note that my son was suffered from Dengue as medical Treatment is attached. Also, I had waited full night for travel by Train in Haridwar Station on 17.10.2017 which, I was tire of care for my son/daughter and my family’s is not in good condition/health. Which, I could not travelled by Train. Further, in the time I have not internet connection. Still, I had TDR filled on 18.10.2017 (12.27 P.M) for cancellation ticket/ refund the money. Kindly note that my TDR filled late is only- twelve minutes.So, you are requested to kindly provide me my Ticket money.Regards, Prasun Kumar Rao[protected]   
 I had booked my hero mastro edge scooty from mariani to gwalior via kanpur central on 08/10/2017 in brahmaputra exp (14055).But still 26/10/2017 i couldn't get. After enquiry i come to know that my scooty was reached at old delhi rly station till date.Why it is not sent to gwalior jn station i don't know?Waiting for your kind response...Your sincerelyJogen mahattaScooty no as 03 t9249Builty no [protected]18aaagm0289c121Mob no [protected]Mail i'd:- jogenmahatta@gmail.com   
 My complaint is not against any individual, but the system. Today i booked three sleeper class tickets for journey from bangalore to chennai and return. At the time of booking there were sufficient berths (More than 150 berths) available but no lower berths were allotted to me aged 68 years (I opted sr. Citizen) and for my wife on both the directions. It is surprising that from time to time the ministry is assuring that ladies and senior citizen only lower berths will be allotted.  Pnr nos [protected] - s 12 berths 3, 6 & 8 -  Train no. 12658 doj : 30.11.2017 Pnr no. [protected] s 10 berths 25, 26 & 32  Train no. 16021 doj 01.12.2017I have already twitted this to railway minister also for his information. This is very peculiar and un understandable. Please look into it.   
 Dear sir / madam, I filled tdr Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 28-aug-2017 10:26:36 hrsDate of journey: 28-aug-2017 train no./name: 01438/swv pune splTrain timing - 7.50 am cancellation id: [protected]Registration no:[protected]Tdr zone: central railway (Cr)From: sindhudurg (Sndd)	to: panvel (Pnvl)	boarding: sindhudurg (Sndd)Actual train timing is 7.45 am but train come on sindhudurg station is on after 1 pm so this is valid case of more then 3 hrs late and i 1st mail to irctc at 9.10 am to cancelled my train because of train delay and filled tdr on 10.26.36 hrs.So i am clear from my side also i send live status screenshot to irctc also but now my tdr is refused to wrong reason so please i request you to refund my money.Manoj chavan[protected]   
 Non payment of difference of dcrg, commutation, le and ppo revise due to revision of 7th pay commission wef[protected] to[protected].  From :- ramesh chand s/o rattan chand ex - p. Way mate gang no 4ng /nurpur road (H. P) address :- village kutlahar. Post office talara. Tehsil nurpur district kangra (H. P) under aden/plmx division firozpur contact no [protected] date of retirement[protected] pf no 00047167   
 Recently on 10/10/2017, in the morning, i went on a tour to delhi during puja vacatiion. At new delhi station i went to the toillet (Pahargang side). The guard demanded me rs.10/- for urinal but in the notice board displayed above showing different rates as rs.1/-, rs.2/-, rs.3/- urinal, toilet, bath etc. And rs.10/- for using cloak room. When i objected the guard abused me with slang language, threatened me saying "yahan se hat jao, yada bokwas mat karo, orna tumhara bura haal ho jayega". I stunned seeing this behabiour by such a guard who is collecting excessive money from innocent passengers by force. The railway authority should take care of the passengers and help them save from exploiting by these hooligans at government premises. Its railway authority's duty to look after this matter.   
 Thank good items supplied in railway stations and in compartments are substand and in digestible even though rate are abnormal. The applies even for irctc food plazas. The railway authorities must have proper mission to look after this. I suggest to provide more fruit stalls with fresh seasonal fruits locally available to protect the wealth and health of passengersGv ramalingeswara rao[protected]   
 I am akash from amritsar. Following are the details pls send my amount in my account...Pnr -[protected]Cancellation id-[protected]Refund amount-390.00Date of cancellation-14oct2017Cancellation status - cancelledAsr hwh mail (13006)Journey-asr to rmuSir refund amount is not creditted in my account. Pls send my amount in my account as soon as possible...Date of journey-02dec2017   
 Had to travel from villupuram to tambaram with my wife and my kid on 25 october 2017. I had also booked a flight on the same day from chennai to mumbai departure at 5.20 a. M. The train which was about to arrive villupuram at 00:55 a. M arrived at 1.30 a. M and departed at 2.02 a. M because of which i reached tambaram at 4.15 a. M with 1 hour and 25 minutes delay. Due to this delay i missed my scheduled flight and had to book for another flight with additional cost. Please take necessary action and refund the money which i spent additionally for flight booking.   
 I have lost my 2 mobiles from grand trunk express 12615 in between faridabad and hazrat nizamuddin station today morning. There was no grp police staff nor train superintendent or tte in the whole sleeper coach. I asked help from tte in ac coach but he denied to help and said contact sleeper coach tte. I have a reservation in s4 coach birth number 62. I need your help so that i will get compensation of my lost mobiles because it is the responsibility of railway to ensure the security of passengers goods. If i didn't get proper help and compensation from indian railway then i may also move towards court for justice.I already lodge complain to grp and filed fir but didn't get my phone yet so please don't suggest me for that again in comments or closing remarks because i am complaining the second time. If you are still not providing the justified help i will go to ministry and higher authorities. Sleeper coach is for sleeping during the night not for guarding mobile phone which is kept inside a bag. The incident took place between 1:00 am to 4:50 am. I have also clear doubts on my fellow passenger who has seat number 32 in my coach in the same train and he comes to near my birth during night because train has vaccant seats.   
 I have noticed personally as well as rumoured amount the train users between tvc and ncj. Despite the type of train it is observed commonly in morning the train running from tvc to ncj is given priority over ncj to tvc and vice versa in evening creating inconvenience to the people travelling from ncj to tvc.Also the trivandrum section is not managing the trains effectively and efficiently. It is rumoured tvm is showing partiality for years.The current delay in the 16649 train is adding more inconvenience. It is getting delayed by almost more than 4 yrs, this make a gap of more than 3.5 hrs. After 6:00 the next train is at 8:30, this is the current situation of commuters from ngl.I request the concern person to look into and take action to make the commuters comfortable.   
 Dear sir, I have bookef 2nd ac ticket and was confirmed but the day of travelling, no 2nd ac coach was attached with the train. I was askef to travel in 3rd ac where as i have paid 2nd ac fair. Tdr filed was rejected stating non receipt of tt certificate. I attached the same in email and send to care@irctc.co.in and received tocken no irctc #6920893. Several mail sent after this but no responce from irctc. Every time new tocken number auto generated but no responce. No option available to re fill tdr again. Its a cheating i can say as all these are done intentionslly to make money. No care to the passenger travelling in rail.Best regardsSaroj prasad   
 We were travelling by train no 12839 from howrah to chennai by sleeper coach s5 which left kolkata by middle of night at 12. Already 4 of us were tired and trying to settle comfortably but unfortunately nearly 5o of the non reserved travellers got into the train occupying the passage bath rooms. On investigation of found out that, some of them on wait listed tickets, some of them no tickets. I told the duty ttr about it and he said it is the duty of railway police and when i told the police they said it is the duty of ttr. We had 2 nights of sleepless travel despite our reservation well in advance since there was no security for our luggage. 3 ttr came into the train none of them checked those ticketless passengers as even wait listed tickets are considered ticketless travel. Prime minister mr. Modi and railway minister talks high about railway services it is very precarious and alarming. Why should we at all book our ticket in advance? The ttr getting big fat salaries and pension is not doing there job and they went to the extent of harassing reserved passengers for not having original id. The railway police force since independence has not protected railway properties nor passengers. Instead of them employ army personnel who will command some respect. It is your duty to take action against these ttrs on duty and the police personnel without which railway travel will be unsafe for senior citizens like us. I was sick for sometime that is why i could write to you early. Your early action is solicitedPassengersR. Bharathan, saravanan, andal and lakshmi   
 The attendant is rude to the passengers, and the way he was interacting was very irrelevant and nasty talks. And this made the most of my fellow passengers uncomfortable. The guy was very disrespectful and was disgusting. I feel pity for indian railway for putting such staff in trains. Info of various paavengers are listed belowTrain number :22415Date of journey :23/10/17-24/10/17.1. Pnr :[protected]2. Pnr: [protected]3. Pnr: [protected]4. Pnr: [protected]5. Pnr: [protected]6. Pnr: [protected]7. Pnr: [protected]   
 Sir I have booked my bike up 32 gp 9398 on 07 oct 17 from lucknow to mariani railway station bill way no is 985730 but still on 24 i have not received it at mariani railway station. I asked at lucknow they said it was sent to mariani stn from train no 15910 on 20 oct 17. But bike is not received at mariani stn when i enquire at booking office.Plz search it.Inform me as soon as possible.   
 Hi my name is sumit das i have to register a strong complaint against the irctc officials who are working in the online ticket booking website. I had booked 4 tickets out of which i had cancelled 2 tickets and 2 tickets i had booked and amount was deducted from my account and ticket not booked., i am sending you the details of the ticket booking as under. (1) transaction id no:[protected], pnr no:[protected], date of journey:23-dec-2017, cancellation id/refund id:[protected], transaction amount:5795.00, refund amt:1250, bank:payumpp, transaction date:16-oct-2017, date of cancellation :16-oct-2017, 15:06:32 hrs, train name:bilaspur rajdhani express. (2) transaction id no:[protected], transaction cancellation id/refund id:[protected], refund amt:3915, remaining details same as above, cancellation id/refund id:[protected]. (3) transaction id:[protected], date of booking:16-oct-2017, cancellation id/refund id:[protected], transaction type:failed, transaction amount:₹5795. (4) in one separate special case the ticket which i had booked in that the amount got deducted from my debit card, i. E; from my account but the ticket was not booked so i humbly request you whoever you are concerned to look into this matter and resolve this as soon as possible.   
 Respected sir/madamI, devaki krishnan, its been one year, pension is not credited in the new sbi account number : [protected]. Nallasopara east branch. I had request to close my husband's account as he is expired on 4th feb 2016.Husband's old account : [protected]Sir, with very grief to express that every time i call the branch they inform they have not received any intimation to close my husband's account and to transfer the pension to my new account. And the pension is credited in the old account which we cant use.Is the problem with railway? Bank has not received any letter yet. I have submitted all the supporting documents related to death and new account.Ppo number : wr/12118/529467 Date of retirement :[protected]Hence i request you please suggest me a solution from which i will be trouble free from this type of issue. Expecting a positive response from your end.   
 Hi team, Thank you for your pplatform, could you please look into below deatils as we can see i have filled tdr request at 8 sept 2017 still i didn't get any refund, Cancellation i'd : 100000182490626Pnr: 855414138Reason : train diverted and passenger not travelled Current status is cr registered But it's 1 and half month over so kindly look into the issue and resolve asap.Regards, Ajinkya narayanpure.   
 Pnr no: [protected]Train no. & name: 12822/dhauli expOn 23rd october 2017 we were travelling from puri to howrah in ac chair car of train no 12822 dhauli express. From khurda road, the air-conditioning system was not working. We complained to mr. P. K. Das, the hd tte of our coach c2 at bhubaneswar station itself to resolve the issue. A/c coach-c2 was completely suffocating, since there was neither any fan, light or air-conditioning in operation. When all passengers complained to the said tte, he took it very casually and did not pay any heed to the customers’ complaint. The most dangerous part was the non-functioning of the alarm chains throughout the coach, which could have been very fatal in case of any dire emergency while the train was in motion.Finally all the passengers unboarded the train at the cuttack station and approached the guard for his help. A formal complaint was also lodged and docketed at cuttack railway station.It is now earnestly requested to look into the matter and the following action to be taken at the earliest:-1) stringent action to be taken against mr. P. K. Das, the hd tte of coach c2 (Train no & name: 12822/dhauli exp), for his utter negligence in carrying his normal duties diligently and continuously showing careless attitude towards passengers’ complaints.2) as compensation to the continuous owes and agonies faced throughout the journey in the above-mentioned coach, a full refund of the entire amount against the ticket cost of the said journey may please be refunded immediately along with the adequate compensation.Thanks and regardsSoumya ghosh   
 With reference to the notice number [protected], we have dispatched our material through railway parcel service (Pwb no.[protected] dated 28/06/2017). The respective consignee has not yet received the parcel so far. We have contacted the railway parcel service many times but went in vain. Hence, we are requesting for the claim amount mentioned in our purchase order.We have also sent a mail to cco_jbp@claims. Indianrail.gov.in on 25th of august but there was not response till now.Attaching the pwb receipt for reference.Request you to kindly take necessary action on this.   
 I am a serving senior officer of indian army.I booked tickets for me and my wife by 22481 jodhpur delhi sarai rohilla sup exp on 14 oct 17. Sch arr at sarai rohilla was at 0520 on 15 oct 17.The next connecting train was 12011 kalka shatabdi, sch dep at 0740 on 15 oct 17 from new delhi. (Photo of both tickets attatched)22481 arr at delhi cantt at 0954 ie more than 4 hours late and by then i had missed the connecting train. I was confirmed by the tte that i could travel in any subsequent train on the same ticket after getting endorsement from the station master. I confirmed about the same from online also.I checked about availability of the next trains and reservations. Fortunately i found more than 100 seats available in the evening 12005 kalka shatabdi. I met the tte at the train, showed him my tickets and the endorsement of delay of first train and boarded the train. Since there were many vacant seats we managed to find the sets as well. After about one and half hour the tte asked me to come out of the cabin and started telling me that i was a "ticketless traveller" and asked me to pay. I showed him my identity card and the tickets and explained to him the complete circumstances but he remained adamant and refused to see any logic or the rules. He got hold of another tte and rpf jawans and started threatening me. Even i refused to pay up and asked him to make the proper tickets instead. Finally he prepared an excess fare ticket no 278581 of rs 3340/- (Double amount with penalty) (Photo attatched) and i paid the amount.The names of the two ttes are as follows:-Mr kp singhMr bhupinder singh   
 Dear mr. Piyush goyal, I would like to bring it to your notice since the day you had taken the charge as minister of indian railways, the services has gone worst to the worst.It is my observation that the trains are running very late and there is no control or supervision over them. Today (23/10/17) i was to travel ahmedabad by bdts-bvc express (12971) and to board the train from andheri at 21:45 hrs.I resides at kharghar (Out skirts of navi mumbai) to catch the train i choose to travel by local train scheduled at 19:46 from kharghar station. The local train was delayed by around 30-35 mins... It arrived kharghar station at 20:16 hrs... And reached andheri at 21:50 (Scheduled arrival is at 21:08 hrs).. Almost delayed by 40 mins.. Due to which i missed my train.I had a scheduled of meetings for tomorrow at my office.. But now i won't be able to attend the same due to failure of indian railways services. I hope you can understand my situation.. As you are an educated person. And will definitely make sure in improving the services.As per the rules i will be getting just an refund of 25% that to due to failure of your department. I would suggest to refund full amount to self with an salary pay of 1 day to me.Details:Name: jitendra sharmaTrain no: 12971Berth no.: a1/25Thanking you, Regards, Jitendra sharma   
 @railminindia pnr no [protected] tr. No.12479 coach b2train stopes 2 min at jwb st. But attendant didn’t open the door the door was closedAnd the main thing is that my coach glass was broken and this service we are getting from indian railway this trains runs from jodhpur to bandra terminus my board was from jawai bandh train name is surya nagari exp   
 Dear sir, i did tatkal reservation at 20/10/2017 time 11:00 am from irctc registered login id {train no 22181 }. From sgo to gwl for 21/10/2017. I paid tatkal fare charges 830 rs by my sbi internet banking {irctc transaction reference no [protected]} and at 11:30 am rs 830 rs deducted from my account {sbi transaction reference no igacfmbpr9 } but after at i did not get any tatkal ticke booking from irctc or after 11:10am there were 65 seats are shown on irctc website. Please refund my deducted money 830 rs in my sbi account as soon as possible. Regards -  Pankaj kumar khare mobile no - [protected] Irctc user id - pkhare83   
 I had cancelled my ticket on 09.01.2017, till date i have not received my payment. I made several request but no effect. I had ticket for jummbu tawai ex howrah to pathankot dt of journey 24.3.2017 in ac 2 tier, ticket number 88888564. I am a senior citezen heart patient, but not yet received my claim after visiting several times in kolkata officePnr number [protected]   
 Train no - 17038Train name - bikaner-secunderabad express Pnr - [protected]We are traveling in this train right now with our family. We are traveling in sleeping coach.Issues:-sleeper coach looks like a general coach. - there is no cleanliness in the coach. There is so much garbages in the coach. No cleaner has come in the coach since the morning.- washrooms are just pathetic. It’s very stinky, unclear n just worst.- there are so much of ppl roaming in the coach without reservation than what’s the point of doing reservation in the train?There is immediate improvements required as due to this, there are so much mosquitos in the coach & family can get ill due to such pathetic situation. Why we are spending so much of montu on reservation if such basic things are not going to be provided by railway.Please revert on this asap, or we writing to hod.You can contact me on [protected] - alpesh sutaria.   
 Dear sir, today i am travelling in train from bijapur to solapur passenger train, at depature time in bijapur is 12.05 am, in this journey i have lost 1 mobile phone redmi note 4 gold colour 4 gb ram & 64 gb internal memory (Imei no - 866750033188080) & 980 rupess cash, & train ticket also. I will reort immediately in rpf police station solapur when i reached solapur, they write a rough notes, (Duty officer name is pawar) at early morning 03 : 00 am approx. They will not registered the complaint due to i have not mobile bill, so he will inform me, please carry the bill & we will take complaint, after that i have a reservation ticket from solapur to pune in 11042 chennai mumbai express in sleeping coach s2 seat no 58, i am travel to pune with my id proof, i have no immediately leave from my job, so iam complaint by online, i think it was happened in tikekarwadi to solapur just i think, so please track the mobile & help me for this & reply me. The exact email address to send the invoice copy, in add photos attachment is error to attach invoice bill, so please resolve the issue Please do the needful...   
 Sir i have booked railway luggage service for transfer my bike from pathankot cantt to lucknow nr with receipt no 785968 on dt 22.10.2017 on trian 12238 beghampura express. The luggage will unloading on 23.10.17 at lucknow but luggage staff have not unload my luggage inspite of trian halt more than 30 minutes at platform. They are not even listening any thing. Sir now i am afraid how i could get my byke. Please help me regarding this.Monish kattal[protected]   
 Sms received on 21.09.2017 that train no 07150 njp-vskp schedule on 02.10.2017 was cancelled due to unavoidable circumstances. But i have not received refund of rs 2235/- vide pnr no. [protected]. I have requested three times vide ticket id irctc # 6865901, 6901485, 6950553 & attached sms (Train cancellation) also. I have talked two times to customer service. They have informed that it is being looked after. Please refund the amount at the earliest.   
 As the coach no:c8 of shatabdi express from pune to secunderabad has been detached on 14.10.2017, we could not travel through that train. We have received an sms at 4.24 am on 14.10.2017 stating that "c-8 coach of t. No.12025 pune sc shatabdi exp.. Leaving pune on 14/10/17 is detached. E-tkt holders kindly collect certificate from t. C. Woffice pune for refund purpose". As we are in hurry to rush to hyderabad in bus, we could not meet anybody in tc office. Further, we have booked the tickets through online and hence we filed the tdr on 16.10.17 after coming back from hyderabad. You have informed about the detachment of coach in the 11th hour and made us to face so much of inconvenience for which you are supposed to pay the charges for discomfort (Caused by you).We are diabetic and we have not carried any food packing also as we are under the impression that the food will be served in train. Your callous approach towards customers is not at all pardonable.The rejection of our request for refund of our genuinely paid money is not acceptable to us.Please refund the amount at the earliest and don't compel us to approach the court for seeking the justice.Regards, K udaya kumar, Mobile no:[protected]   
 I have travel on 13th morning and 15th evening from thalassery second platform. Since the many passengers are outside and the passenger waiting room show empty, myself and family enter to the hall. Both time quiet bad urinal smell at waiting room. Found the urinal area not cleaning properly. Since many passengers travelling everyday from this station request to arrange tor rectify the problem   
 I had cancel waiting ticket of pnr no.[protected], at 15.22 while depart time of train from reservation station is 16.25. By irctc counter ticket cancel facility.From reservation station is 16.25. When i am going to surrender the original counter ticket at nagpur railway station counter the thicket counter staff deny to refund the amount. His comment is attached to cancellation form with mail as well ticket.Because of sunday and heavy corroded counter nobody help me, i stay in row almost 2 hrs for refund of cancellation of ticket when my chance come staff strictly send back. While insisting supervise he wrote comment time and date. 22./10./17 at17.37.This time only two counter is open.May please help me for refundMay please help me reg.Attachment1. Ticket2. Cancellation form3. Snap short of sms   
 On 16/10/17 i had to travel from delhi sarai rohilla to ratangarh, rajasthan by train 22482. This train starts from delhi sarai rohilla and goes up to jodhpur. The scheduled departure is 23.15 pm but when i reached at delhi station i got informed that train is late and will depart at 04.45 am next day. The whole night i had to sit on floor to wait along-with hundreds of other co-passengers. This is not the first incidence regarding the delay of the above mentioned train. It happens every day. For example, yesterday on 22/10/17, it was late for 1.45 hrs. If the consumer forum asks from the indian railways regarding the departure data for last few months, it will be clear that it is happening every day. Hundreds of poor passengers wait for hours for this train. We have no other option except for waiting. I demand strict action against the officials responsible for this.   
 Dear sirIts very painful to inform you that i alongwith my family had planned to visit my parents staying in kolkata to attend the holy chhat puja 2017. I got my ticket booked on 22 jun 17 for train no 12001 (Date of journey-20 oct 17) from habibgunj to jhansi and another train (Pratham swatantrata sangram train no 11106) time of departure from jhansi 2100 hrs. However train no 12001 was announced to be late by 01 and half hours initially and as the time progressed the late period extended to 2 and half hours and finally 2 and 3/4th hours for which i had to cancel my journey as it was not possible to catch the train from jhansi to kolkata. The train had not left habibgunj till 1735 hrs. I didn't get a single penny as refund for shatabdi and rs 650 against three 3ac tickets of train no 11106. My parents don't believe me. This is the first time in my life where i had to face such embarrassment.Kindly do the needful.Manwendra mani trivediPnr no [protected] (Train no 12001)Pnr no [protected] (Train no 11106)   
 I am sapana kumari, travelling today from nzm to kota by 12432 trivandrum rajdhani alone. Due to pregnancy i have ordered continental food upon asking of coach attandant. He said nothing at that time. When he came to give lunch to me he denied to provide continental food. He said there is nothing in pantry car, he can provide me continental food at dinner. When i ask about complaint book, he denied to give me and he said if u want to take complaint book go to the pantry car. I have to remain hungry during train journey despite paying money for same during ticket booking.   
 I had filled tdr on date 26-sep-2017 10:23:30 hrs, cancellation id: 100000186258491 and Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled. Tdr refund case has been registered with 203171002634 on 2017-10-05. Today is 17th day from the date of tdr refund case registered and and 27 day from the date of tdr filed still haven't received refund.Would you please do some needful so that i can get my refund money. It was my fault that train was running more than 5 hours of delay and passenger was not traveled on train. Please try to refund the money as soon as possible.   
 This is rajani bharati, i went ujjain railway reservation office on 22-10-2017 for tatkal reservation in 3rd ac. I had to go from ujjain to junagadh. My number in reservation row is second on first window. Despiste a-8 (8 seats vailable) railway reservation employee denied to give me reservation and demanded 10000 rs from me to give reservation. I had been facing this froble since 4-5 days. Due to this corruption by railway employee i faced heavy loss. Please take necessary action. I could not join my job and faced 20lakh rupees loss.   
 Hi support team, I have booked a tatkal ticket from cnbTo anand vihar for gareeb rath express on 24th sept 2017 and date of journey was 25th sept 2017For reason train delayed more than 3 hours andThe passenger has not traveled, i filled the tdrFor the same in irctc against my ticket and theStatus was turned to cr registered, but theAmount was not refunded yet.I am not sure what else i might be missing toGet amount refunded. Please let me know what iCan do further or else you can drop a mail to lipsy. Chopra@gmail.comTicket details: Do transaction :- 29th oct, 2014.Pnr number :- [protected]Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 25th sept 2017 06:31:05 hrsTdr status: cr registeredCancellation id: [protected]Tdr zone: northern railway (Nr)Registration no:[protected]Warm regards, Lipsy   
 I am travelling in train 14708 rajakpur express coach b2.. Toilets of this compartment are so bad and the whole compartment is giving out a bad smell. Things are really bad here and i cant even breathe fresh air as these train compartments are smelling too bad. Please correct it earliest possible as we as take corrective actions for the coming time too.   
 Agent name-pinki agarwal talukdar. Her son name rakesh talukdar. Address-jateswar, falakata. Alipurduar, west bengal, 735216, near jateswar shib mondir. He used tatkal software, he was set agent at falakata railway station, and dalgaon rail station. His mo no-[protected]. Every reservation ticket he charged ₹200. And at tatkal ticket he charged ₹400minimum, some times it's highly over ₹500. What is the matter?I ask you sir...What you do against complaint to pinki agarwal talukder and her son rakesh talukder. His ph no-[protected]..   
 Dear sir, i am sanjai kumar. I am complaining tatkal wait list charge rs.60. At festival time mostly middle class people booking ticket, i am one of them. If tatkal ticket not confirmed is in waitlist also they charged rs.60 deducted and remaining amount refunded. Most of people trying to book ticket. Mostly wait list came because now railway introduced premium tatkal. Now tatkal seat 240 reduced to 120 seats. So what i say tatkal wait list charge is very high try to reduce it. Try to reduce premium tatkal and increase tatkal around 170. I hope u will consider it.Citizen of indiaSanjai kumar   
 Dear sir, i am travelling in the andaman express from delhi to vijayawada departed on 21 st october, my son mobile was stolen at gwalior station from s6 coach seat no 39, my pnr number is [protected] train no 16032 my mobile number is [protected], the phone is iphone 6, i tried complaining to grp at many stations they could not lodge a complaint becoz of the less stoppage time at stations   
 `train no.22691 is having stopping at guntakal jn.. But i am very surprised that 22692 Train is not having stopping at guntakal jn. As per your train schedules. It is more surprised that last early hours at 00.15 i personally saw that 22692 train has stopped at guntakal jn. For about ten minutes. Guntakal jn is a very prominent and number 2 position after bza.in a. P.. I request you to make official stop at guntakal jn. So that we can make reservation from nzm to gtl.   
 Sir/madam  I am going to samastipur (Spj) by train no - 19601, i have purchase a general ticket from delhi to samastipur rs. 290/- on the way due to havy rush in train i have change my coach from general to 3rd a/c. At lucknow junction. After some time a t. T. Came and charge the fine rs. 1800/- but receipt given unknown amt this receipt is unable to read due to ajibo garib writing style for ur reference i attaching the receipt.. Thanks & regardNavneet kumar choudhary   
 Dear sir, we are traveling in train no 15667 coach s-8, it is not possible to place any step in passage, there is no difference between local and reservation compartments. I don't know why we are paying for reservation we need help from you. Next station is baroda now.   
 Really disgusting to see that no one has turned up till now (8.12pm) to clean our coach (B6) of dibrugarh-ndls rajdhani express (12423) dated 21/10/17... Pieces of paper, eaten food items are lying all around inside the coach, rats & cockroaches moving all around, stinking smell from the toilet etc. And there is no one from the cleaning team to clear it. When i asked the attendant of the coach, he replied there is no sweeper in this train ðŸ˜¢Really disappointing to see this situation... When railway ministry claims to improve the situation and is on the constant run to increase the faresLooking forward to an immediate action in this regard.RegardsSaumyendu   
 Hi, First thing please provide the correct customer care number as none of the provided numbers work.Now my problem is i booked a ticket today under tatkal and the seats were available till i proceeded for payment. But after the payment was done i got a ticket in tqwl. I did not ask for a tqwl ticket then how does your site assume that i need that ticket. Shouldn't you ask for confirmation?Now that i have cancelled the ticket i have suffered a loss of rs. 60. You are taking rs.60 from rs.110 ticket. Does that even make sense? I request to be paid back my money (Full refund)Pfa. Transaction id: 100001022118158Regards, Sneha kanekar   
 I have checked online status at 4:46pm of my train number 59832 and it's showing that it's departed from khachrod station on 4:40pm, but that it was not departed, it departed on 4:47pm.For this type of update will misguided to traveller and he can cancel or change the plan. For this sector every minute is very important, for such wrong update spoiled the government sector image. As you know that your sector image is very bad in front of everyone. Please don't damage more.   
 Before chart prepared pnr status was rac 70. After prepared it was rac again. From berhampur to delhi through bhubaneswar, sambalpur.12 hours have already past but still railway not confirming a lady patient's rac. How can she travel such a long journey of 36 hours to delhi?How can railway give bearths in subsequent stations as bhubaneswar, sambalpur, jharsuguda etc without ignoring rac lady patient coming from previous station i. E bam sitting 12 hours in in security.Soln - Pray to give her a birth immediately on humanity ground.   
 Sir,  On 8 oct 2017 i was going to vaishno devi from nagpur by ten express but it was not clear railway ticket they had return to tickets no i. E himsagar express they were announcing thw name of only himsagar express ^&was; waiting for my ten express & i missed it. That money was also no refundable because after 2hrs i came to know that both trains are same.Then i had travel with suvidha train om the same day bit i don't know reason why your tickets amount is beyond imagination with no facilty. But surprising when katra stations came hardly 25 passenger were there. And along passenger not even ore then divas per y kmowledge3 the scenario which i have seen. I think i should get my refund amount of train i. E ten express extra amount of suvidha express.   
 Indian railway parcel complaint — parcel missing. No - d 877029. 12 october2017To, Drm sir, ChennaiSub - parcel missing (House hold)R/sir, I am booked my luggage on dated 12 october 2017 from dimapur to perambur (Parcel no. D 877029), but till now i have not received my parcel.I have inquired at chennai parcel office several time but the parcel officer is not taking any responsibility.Sir, i am in service indian army and hence i cant take leave and go to the railway station daily.I attached the billty copy herewith please open this attachment & understand my problem.Kindly look in to this matter & do the needful to enable me to get luggage at the earliest and without any further delay. I would very much thankful for your kind co-operationThanking you.Your faithfullyMuniarajMob. Number -[protected]Email :- munia11492@gmail.com   
 I had done reservations at chennai egmore counter on 11 oct17 and i had paid through debit card. On oct17 some amount deducted from amount with reference to 11 oct 17 by southern railway. I fail to understand that how can railway can deduct any amount from my without my knowledge as once all dues paid at the same time during reservation. Plz resolve my query at the earliest   
 Dear sir/madam, Yesterday (Ie. On 19.10.2017) myself & my husband travelled by train no. 11022 (Chalukya express) from madurai jn. To yeshwantpur rly. Station. We have booked the tickets online (Opted for lower berths) more than 100 days in advance ie. On 6.07.2017. Iam 53 & my husband is 58 years old. Without considering our age we were allotted upper berth & side upper berth. We thought due to diwali holidays all the lower berths will be full. But to our dismay, when we boarded the train, we noticed that most of berths were empty including several lower berths. We had to request tte for lower berths & he was very obliging & finally we got lower berths.But at the time of booking the tickets itself we could have been allotted lower berths & we would have been very happy without any tension.Another incident which i would like to narrate is given below : My aged parents (Both in their eighties) were travelling from yeshwantpur to palakkad jn. By garibrath train on 5.10.2017. We booked the tickets on 4.10.2017 (Online), nearly 300 to 400 berths were vacant at the time of booking. Inspite of that both of them were allotted upper berths. Finally with great difficulty they got lower berths.I am unable to understand the logic behind the allotment of berths. I would request the railway authorities to look into similar cases & give preference to allot lower berths for middle aged passengers & senior citizens.I think it can be taken care at the time of booking the tickets online / offline please. Thanking you, R. Vijayalakshmi   
 Me and family traveled in kanyakumari express (12633, pnr: [protected]) in s1 coach on 16 october. There were 2 issues during this painful journey1) train was delayed by 2.5 hours when it reached nagercoil. The main reason what i learnt was a stalled goods train in the egmore-tambaram section which was on the same track as 12633. I am at loss of words to understand how an engine which cannot pull the load can be fitted 2) about 30 passengers with general tickets boarded the reserved coach. There was no tte or rpf to regulate at tambaram till tindivanam. Passengers were unable to use rest rooms (Or) sit properly. I had to complain to 138 and this was informed to rpf tindivanam. A police staff called me and assured that it will be sorted. At tindivanam, rpf got into the coach and offloaded some passengers. Again at villupuram, more people were offloaded. Why railways is not able to protect passengers and why rpf was not accompanying?.   
 My pnr no is [protected]. I boarded the train in lucknow. Train reached 4 hrs late. The moment i entered the coach not only foul smell was emanating from toilet but there was no water at all to use it. The passengers complained the water shortage for last 12 hrs. Small children n women were finding difficult to continue the travel but had no option due to festive season. Pls taken immediate action n if possible please arrange the water atvelast for aam admission. Still to travle for another 15 hrs to isme   
 Sir, i m amit shivhare [protected] :- mera chota bhai pankaj shivhare jiski mental position thik nahi he aur uska ilaj mental hospital gwalior me chal raha he uski kal raat ko 08:00pm par achanak mental position bigdi aur jab me market gaya hua tha tab bah ghar se chala gaya me jab ghar 08:30 par wapas ghar aaya to pata chala phir me use dunde laga to pata chala ki wah station ki aur gaya he me aur mera dost amit soni [protected] dabra dono usko dhodte huye station pahuche ek dusre dost ko mene 02 platform ticket lane ko kaha dabra station par platform no 02 par ticket window na ho ne ke karan ticket lene ke liye platform no 02 ko par karte hue platform no 01 par jana padta he tab tak hum mere bhai ko dhudte hue platform no 02 par aage ki taraf jhansi ki taraf pauche to waha mera bhai mil gaya me usse ghar chalne ki baat kar hi raha tha ki achanak waha par railway protection force ke lakhan lal meena train ki entry karne aagaye aur humse ticket ki maang karne lage humne unhe sari baat batai ki mere bhai ki mental position thik nahi he aur unhe humne uska current treatment prescription bhi dikhaya tab bhi wah use na mante huye ticket ki maang karne lage tab humne kaha ki sir thodi der rukjao abhi ticket lekar mera dost aata hi hoga par wah maan hi nahi rahe the aur kah rahahe the ki ticket dikho aur ticket nahi he to 1000.00 ke hisab se 2000.00 penalti bhar kar rasid banbao ya 250.00 ke hisab se mujhe 500.00 dekar bina rasid ke nikal jao aaj diwali ka tyohar he me tumhe aandar kar dunga to tumhara tyohar kharab ho jayega aur unhone kaha ki kya tc hota to wah ye nahi karta kya me bhi wahi kar raha hu to isme burai kya he dabra station par tc nahi he to hume hi ticket check karna padta he ye baat to humare incharge aur station master ko bhi pata he aur hum dono ko garewan pakad kar plateform no 02 par aur aage jhansi ki taraf lejane lage tab tak pl. No. 02 par godwana exp 12410 aagai tab tak mera bhai train ke slr coach me jakar beth gaya humne meena ji se kaha ki aap ek minut ke liye to hume chod do ya aap hi mere bhai ko train se utar lo uske pass bhi to ticket nahi he par wah to maan hi nahi rahe the kah rahe the ki agar me use utarne gaya to tum bhag jaoge aur itne me train chaldi mere bahi ke pass ticket hi nahi tha aur mobile bhi nahi tha train jane ke baad hum bahut paresan ho gaye tab humne meena ji se kaha ki aab me kya karu me use kaha dhundne jau tab meena ji ne humse kaha ki jo hona tha wo to ho hi gaya aur bese bhi tum aapne bhai ka kab tak dhayan rakhte marne do jane do sale ko kam se kam tumhe usse chutkara to mil gaya na tumhe to mujhe dhanyabaad kahana chahiye mene kaha sir me ab aapne bhai ko kaha dhunduga to unhone kaha ki kuch nahi rasid banwakar ghar chale jao nahi to tumhe aandar dal dunga mene kaha ki sir ye to aapne mere sath galat kiya he to unhone kaha ki galat sahi mujhe nahi batao tumhe jo karna he wo karo meri fir likhado kuch nahi hone wala he mera bada rasuk he ukt ghatna sthal par kaphi passenger aur platform no 03 par khadi maal gadi ke driver sahab bhi mojud the unho ne bhi kaha ki ha ye log baat to sahi kah rahe he bahut der se ye aapne bhai ko ghar chalne ke liye samjha rahe the. Par meena ji kaha manne wale the ye aur kahne lage ki yadi wo pagal he to tumne use ghar se hi kyu aane diya ghar par hi bhand kar rakhte hume kaha ki wo pagal nahi he sir kuch dino se wo dipration me chala gaya he wah kaphi pada likha he uska ilaj bhi chal raha he aur wo kuch haad tak wo thik bhi ho chuka he tab tak platform ticket lekar mera dost aagaya aur humne unhe ticket dikha diya aur unhone hume kaphi deer ke baad chod diya phir hum apni complant lekar dabra station master ke pass pahuche aur likhit aawedan diya to unhone use lene se mana kar diya tab humne kaha ki hume aapni sikayat ko complant book me entry hi kar lene dijiye par unhone kaha ki rpf ki complant nahi hoti he wo kabhi galat kam nahi karte he tumhari hi galti hogi tab humne kaha ki koi complant contact mobile/landline no. Hi dedijiye tab unhone kaha ki aap jaiye yaha se aur bhar likhe complant no par ye online complant kar dijiye bhar koi complant no nahi likha tha aur lindline no likha bhi tha to wah lag hi nahi rahata aur online center sare band ho chuke the tab aaj mene online center jakar complant ki sikayat ke saath me humare platforme ticket he sir pls help me sir mera bhai to milne se raha aur dabra station par bhi kisine meri complant ragister nahi ki mujhe aapki help ki bahut aabsaykta he kirpya uchit karybahi karene ki kirpya kare. Thanks   
 Online booking in railway requires review. S. No.	Name	age	gender	concession	status	coach	seat / berth / wl no	currentStatus	coach	seat / berth / wl no	id type / id no.	Insurance1	kpn pillai	57	male		cnf	b1	58 (Mb)	cnf	b1	58 (Mb)		yes2	madhavi amma	69	female	srctnw	cnf	b1	60 (Lb)	cnf	b1	60 (Lb)		yes3	pankalakdshiamma	98	female	srctnw	cnf	b1	59 (Ub)	cnf	b1	59 (Ub)		yesPlease look at the bert allotment of 3 persons. My mother 98 years old is allotted upper berth!   
 Dear sir, Now i'm traveling in 15052-gorakhpur kolkata express which is running already 8 hours late, that is truly causes anxiety and untolareble for passenger.Not only this, i hear that most of our train has been running late.It's my request that you r liable to inform me what is the reason behind this.Lastly it is my humble request to you for taking necessary action against this issue as early as possible.Thanks & regardsArup kumar khan.A indian passengerEmail id.- arupkhan94@gmail.com   
 Sir my name is rahul chaudhary i m from kolkata sir today i was traveling from sakri to sealdah station i was voilently abused by ttc in the platform no 11 of sealdah by ttc for not having my ticket. I showed my ticket they tear it and imposed a fine of 255 rs and tortured me for not having tickets do something about it or else i m going to complain to higher branch   
 Sir i am raja khan i stay near phatak (Pakur) sir there is railway pole broken its very sharpe and dangerous. School kids, senior citizen, patient, pregnant lady pass throw this phatak road daily every accident happens because of this broken pole.. This pole can give a serious injured to public and can die if they get injured.. And in this phatak there are many fruit hawkers stall... Near railway track train passes throw this track some may can get died in train accident who will be reposible for this matter? In pakur station grp and rpf police take perday commision from this stall if any enquiry comes they inform hawkers they remove there stall and get clear so it my humble request to take a immidietly action on this matter i hope railway will help and give a good reponse on this matter... Thankyouuuu   
 We were travelling in dehi sealdah duronto express on 18th oct, pnr no19aaagm0289ca19, it was late for 10 hrs leading to. Miss our scheduled trai n gour express at 10.15 pm, i even approached to station master and officials for refund but they didn't help us for anything. It was the worst experience, as my dad is a heart patient, and i am thinking to take legal action and let everyone know about this hackle in social media, and let me know when i will be getting the refund   
 Dear sir Myself Niju M has parcelled my Bajaj pulsar bike with registration number KL16-3320 from Ahmadabad to quilon on 14/10/2017. My way bill number is 258412. I didn't get any update so far. They did not parcel my vehicle still. The same happened so many times from Ahmadabad Railway Station. So I request you to consider this complaint and do the needful  Thank you Niju M   
 Today in morning around 4 am, 5 mobile and 1 my spouse hand bag stolen from 19031 yoga express - a1 coach set no 19, 20, 14, 15,.23Out of these 5 two belongs to me and spouse. This was early morning and all passengers were sleeping. We realised the theft at sarai rohilla station when my wife asked me that he mobile is missing, when i checked mine, it was also stolenAnother passenger at a1-23 informed same and then passenger at 14 and 15. When i reach to attendant for fir he was in sleep and when asked him he asked me to contact tc. At that time tc in train advice to complain at delhi. After reaching at delhi, when enquired on fir with one of grp police, he asked us to lodge complain at end station haridwar. By this time i tweeted to western railway, indian rail, rail minister. Soon after that grp police came to us and fir no [protected] lodged. Total loss i suffered of 1 lakh due to some gold earing and finger rings were available in wife purse.This train having frequent theft cases, i heard with no of passengers. Indian railway team, kindly help to bring back our stolen things   
 Sir! My pnr no. Is [protected]. I am travelling by tr no. 04425 from katpadi rly syn. On 18 oct 17 right now at 1530 h this train is delaying by more than 9 hrs. We are getting bore. No pantry car, no water in toilets. No cleaning or maintenance. If this would be the condition then no body would like to travel by special train. Intead people would like to travel by air in the parallel cost. It seems we can not celebrate diwali on 19 oct 17. Very disgusting and embarrassing for people who are travelling by this train. Plz look intensively and make compensation accordingly. Kk singh   
 Dear sirI had booked my bike (Honda activa) to do the parcel from miraj (Maharashtra) to hatia (Ranchi, jharkhand) railway station on 29th sept 2017, but already 19 days are over i did not receive my bike. I had conatcted to the hatia railway station on 13th october 2017 but they dont have any information even i contacted to the parcel office of miraj railway station but they are syaing that they already sent my bike on 29th october for hatia. Sir nobody is giving me correct information regarding my bike, i am totally stuck in between the offices of railway and nobody is giving me correct information. Please help me so i can get my bike as soon as possible.I had attach the copy of recepit.Details are given below:-Bike - honda activaColour - grayBooking receipt no.- b657524My contact no,.- [protected]   
 At goregaon east, near to lotus business park; 2 wheelers are required to be parked at railway warehouse. Locals charge rs. 20 per vehicle without issuing receipts. Illegally money is charged from people and if you don't pay, your vehicle will be damaged. Collection in name of raju pawaskar by teenagers.This is how black money gets generated.   
 Dear sir/madam, today i am trying to book railway ticket pune to patna express, but not booked and debited the money, please refund and help me. Thanks Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr2, 760.00 		 17, 138.19  4Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr10.00 		 17, 128.19  5Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr1.80 		 17, 126.39   
 We boarded train 12245 duranto from bhubaneshwar to yesvanthpur on 17th october 2017. Irctc caterer i found is doon caterers. Pathetic food & it was being packed near toilets of each compartment though 12245 has a pantry. Food was cold too... When asked the persons serving, said to complain to the ministry since their owner is apathetic to their owes too. I think the authorities will not wake up till the public start a revolt against railways... Since my childhood (45 years) i have been hearing complaints on quality of food in trains. A railway public brigade need to be started by a ngo to ensure quality, hygiene. A revolution is required. No change of minister can make the railway staff to work. System has become obsolete. Wake up india   
 Train no. 12206 nanda devi express from dehradun to new delhi started on 17 october was not having water in coach b2. What kind of service is this? What we should use for washing if there is no water?Please ask this to your employees who are working for filling water in coaches? What were they doing? Were they sleeping? If they are not able to complete the work please provide chance to other people who really want to serve the indian railway. Please don't waste money on such people who are not working properly   
 I had tickets booked in pooja express/12414 for 14th october and saw update that train was late by 3 hours which later got cancelled and so i cancelled my ticket to file a tdr but neither i am getting option to file a tdr nor received any refunds.Below are my ticket detailsTransaction id: [protected] pnr no [protected] train no./name: 12414 / jammu aii exp Date of journey: 14-oct-2017 date of boarding: 14-oct-2017 class: third ac (3a) From: gurgaon (Ggn) to: jaipur (Jp) boarding: gurgaon (Ggn) Resv upto: jaipur (Jp) quota: general (Gn) ticket type: e-ticket Insurance (No of psgn) : 2 insurance company : shriram general insurance travel insurance premium : 0.0 Policy issue date : 11-sep-2017 10:57:00 am travel insurance opt : yes Please refund the amount asap it's indian railways fault   
 I'm travelling in east coast express s6 coach on 17th oct, 2017 and i have seen that the reserved compartment has been fully filled with general ticket passengers and the tc has taken 100/- each for illegally allowing them to stay there. He clearly stated it costs 500/- to write a receipt. Those passengers didn't allow me to sit in my own seat even. They molested me by trying to sit on my berth when i was trying to sleep (Side lower). They literally occupied my whole seat and made me to get out from there. I scolded them to move away from there but they didn't. The tc had allowed all of them to stay in the coach itself.I experienced hell in the compartment...I question the authorities as they, who are responsible to take care of these things, are actually encouraging them.I demand the higher officials to respond to this and take stringent action.   
 To whomsoever it may concern.This is to bring to your notice that on 04/10/2017 i ordered a meal at CHHAPRA railway station with Order ID[protected]Train Number - 22411, Coach ID - A2, Seat Number - 27), which was not delivered to me. After successfully placing the order, i got a confirmation call from the merchant that stated that the merchant is aware about the delay in the train's arrival at CHHAPRA railway station and assured me that the meal would be delivered at the time of actual arrival of the train at the station. Upon the arrival of the train, no food was delivered to me, the merchant did not answer any of my calls, even though i contacted the merchant multiple times.The very next morning, i received a call from irctc for customer feedback, i asked them to lodge a complaint and provide me a complaint ID but nothing was done in that manner and the customer care employee on the other side was very rude to me, denying to register any complaint regarding this issue.I then booked a complaint on the irctc e-catering application, with complaint ID[protected]. The next day i was provided with a free coupon.This ridiculed me. Firstly, if the food could not be delivered, i should have been notified regarding the same, i was completely dependent on irctc for my meal so i had not ordered from any other vendor. The passenger travelling was my mother. She is 48 years old, and had nothing that day and was supposed to have the dinner at night that i had ordered for her. Secondly, no refund was generated for the undelivered food. What do i do with the coupon that i am provided with, with such a service, no passenger would ever order twice with irctc. The in convenience caused was very upsetting.I want a deep interrogation regarding this matter or i would have to approach higher authorities or the consumer court, Details that might be useful are mentioned below.Train Number - 22411Coach ID - A2Seat Number - 27PNR Number - [protected]Order ID[protected]Booking Date - 04/10/2017Irctc Application's Complaint ID[protected]Complaint Date - 09/10/2017 (08:29:37 IST)   
 Dear sir, Yesterday i am [protected] travelling from jammu to delhi by train no. 12478, during the journey, mr. Joginder kumar, miss behaving with us. Which is not acceptable for us, we are citizen of india, i can proudly say we are taxes payer of this country. And your department is service provider of nation. Please look in to this seriously.   
 Ticket nhi dena or passenger k sath rudely behave krnaMujhe sri karanpur se raisinghnagar jana tha m ticket lene pahucha to ticket de rhi lady ne rudely behave kiya or ticket k liya mna kr diya train chlne wali thi isliye mujhe bina ticket hi train pr chdna pda mujhe ese bura bhi lga but meri mjburi thi glti unki h m 15 min tk line me lga rha or fr bhi ticket nhi miliPlz unke against jitna zruri ho ske step uthaya jaye ese or bhi passengers ko problem hoti hThanks   
 Right now i am at mulati (Mty) station waiting for train gondwana exp. (12409) and by which i am going bhopal (Bpl) station, from there i am going jhansi (Jhs) by bhopal exp. (12155) in which my ticket is confirmed with pnr ([protected]). Now i want to know that if i miss the train would i get any refund? Or my ticket would get waste? Is there any provision of getting refund in this condition? Or you can transfer my ticket in any other train?   
 Dear sir,  Sub: not yet recd. Refund for (1) pnr [protected] & (2) pnr [protected] My onward journey was koaa to nfk vide pnr [protected] (27.09.2017) and return journey was nfk to sdah vide pnr [protected] (30.09.2017). As the train 13148, of return journey, had been cancelled by rly. Authority i have to cancel ticket for onward journey. Already 17 (Seventeen) days has elapsed till now i have not received refund amount for both the tickets.So, i request you to please take necessary action for the same.With regardsMrityunjoy dutta (M) [protected]   
 Shame on government shame on indian railways.. We r here to provide services only to the ac class.. Then y do u even have sleeper class coaches.I am travelling from jaipur to dhanbad right now by train - jodhpur howrah express 12308. I have a rac ticket in s9 55. There has been no tt visits to check my ticket or any body else's. So that i cud ask him for a confirmed seat if available.. There are 3 times more passengers in the coach than expected seats.. There are people with general and even no tickets in thos sleeper coach.. N everything in knowledge of police officers travelling in the same coach as well as tt who have just visited to take a round in the gallery and ofcourse not ticket checking.. Not only this..; there has been no water in the toilets since i have boarded the train.. N cleanliess is ofcourse not even a topic to be discussed. Its pathetic.Is this kind of service we have for common people who cant afford ac coach tickets..?? This customer care website has got 1% customer satisfaction.. N ur phone numbers are not getting connected.. I need an answer. Or else i will take it forward.   
 Name - s chatterjeeAge-31I have tried for tatkal ticket in poorva express online in irctc.com from new delhi to howrah on 16.10.17, journey date - 17.10.17 at sleeper class. The amount of rs. 817 has been deducted by railway but no feedback has been obtained nor my ticket has been confirmed. It is requested that the amount may b refunded to me.   
 Yesterday i was travelling from train no.19047 from patna to bhagalpur and three ticket checker come and ask for bribe i have general tickets so i deny to give bribe and give fine and make proper ticket as per rule but after that i see i told him toh cut all people who don't have ticket then one of them told me jayda rule mt shikao. Aur tumko jayda paisa ho gya hai.100 rs mein kaam ho jata those three are very bad to be free from corruption free railway. They take bribe from all. Plz do suspend those three who are on that time duty.Prashant kumarTata institute of social scienceMumbai   
 I had booked material from saharanpur (Sre) to balharshah (Bpq) on 10-9-2017 but not recieved yet till today date 16-10-2017 when i en quired about it in balharshah parcel office they told me that they dont have knowledge about it. Then i enquired in saharanpur station office they told me that it has been loaded in train no 12688 on 10-9-2017 hslr no 01724 but i have not recieved it yet its over month please help me to get my material thanking you sir   
 I've booked a ticket (11/10/2017) using rail yatri app from rampur to badshahnagar, train# 13020. Further details are: order id 158199Ticket amount - rs. 433.07Ticket cancellation amount : rs. 290.0Net refund : rs. 290.0During reservation, it was 280&281 wl, which later on journey date (14/10/2017) becomes wl 38 & 39. So finally we didnt had any confirmed seat as chart prepared so we didnt travel. And according to policy, if ticket not confirmed, the refund should be 100%. But we received less. We want our money back.   
 Pnr [protected]Journey dated 21.10.2017 of ganga kaveri express (12669) reservation from chennai central to chhapraTicket was prs counter ticket which was paid by credit card.It was cancelled on 10.09.2017 at bangalore bda complex reservation counter.As per the information given by the counter person the refund was supposed to get back in the concerned account within 7 days electronic refund process.It's been more than a month and refund is not yet received.   
 Sir it is very unconventional that there is no toilet facility in this train because in morning hour it became very uncomfortable to travel without being fresh with children. We are living in 21 century and not getting the toilet is very impractical. Kindly pay utmost attention in this regard. I hope you will take adequate step in this regard. Thank you   
 Train no.22413 Booking portal shows arrival time at ratnagiri us 13.20. When you look at railway enquiry and ntes apps, it shows 15.20 pm!!! I called inquiry no 139 and they also told me it is 15.20. What should i believe? Even private apps like ixigo also shows 15.20. I am surprised how two official websites give different information?Chaitanya maru   
 Hii sir i am lokesh i was travelled from stations "kcg" to "cto" stations at the time of ticket booking they are charging extra money on each ticket likely 10rs, i was asked about extra charge to my co passenger's they also tell that they charged extra money too bad, please take action against this because regularly they are collecting money in hyderabad at kachiguda railway station   
 Hello sir, I am traveling in train 14055 on the previous station buxar some person throw stones on train due to widow has broken and my father was injured so please arrange first aid facility at next available station.My pnr - [protected]Coach - s11 Seat 4Name - gauri shankar Train name - bramputramailPlease immediately arrange doctor or first aid facility as soon as next available station   
 On 13oct. Issue me sleeper class ticket from jodhpur to sriganganagar without mentioning super fast. Inspite of my verbal request.. My complain is that why sleeper class ticket with out mentioning super fast was issued to me while i have produced ac3tier valid warrant. While seat was available in ranakpurexp fm jodhpur to bikaner and bikaner to sriganganar in sarairohilla sf exp.. I am bsf employee and i have to travel in short notice due urgency of duty. Train was running. Seat was available.in ac 3 tier and i had a valid ac3tier warrant. Inspite of all above my journey from jodhpur to sri ganganagar on 13 oct17 was painfull. Kindly clarify the policy on above issue please   
 Irctc username :- mssingh00Platform used :- irctc connect appIrctc transaction id :- [protected]Train no. :- 12029 (Swarna shatabdi)Booking quota :- tatkalRoute :- new delhi (Ndls) to beas (Beas)Hdfc bank reference number :[protected]Mode of payment :- hdfc netbankingAmount :- 1056.80Date of transaction :[protected]I tried to book ticket on 10th october, 2017 for train number 12029 from new delhi to beas. During booking time, on payment page i entered the all credentials and press ok, after two seconds it shows me error. Money is debited from my account but ticket is not booked.I waited for 5 days to get my money back, but i still not get my refund back.I need my money back please do the needful.Thanks.   
 Dear sir, Kindly help urgently as the journey of mother is still on going. Let be brief the sequence of events of the same in the following paras:We have booked tatkal ticket in ac ii tier berth no. 13 for my mother neelaben, who is senior citizen from panvel to rajkot in train no. 16338 - okha express. The train started at 10.45 p. M. On 14th october, 2017 from panvel. Between surat and baroda, someone have theft the purse of my mother containing 20, 000 cash, one gold chain, one gold pendant, original aadhar card, pan card and may be other valuables, most probably attendant of the coach, who provide bedding etc. The mobile of my mother is also in the purse. The mobile no. Is [protected], which is now switched off by the thief. Still this time my mother is not reached at her destination at rajkot. Kindly take stick action against the attendant of the coach no. A 1 as we have full doubt on him and also on tc of the coach. At our surprise, no tc, security personal was available inside the coach, however indian railway charging security fees for each ticket. Kindly let me know whether the luggage are insured by the indian railway or not. My contact number is [protected] and email id is cs02hlmarthak@gmail.com.Kindly arrange to take immediate action on attendant to resolve the matter on priority.ThanksRegardsHitesh marthakSon of neelaben   
 I have got a rac seat.in which two passengers share a single seat i. E. The lower berth. The upper berth passenger is claiming that the half seat is mine for the day time. And he is not letting me seat there. And on his seat the upper one he has made seat his relative. He has captured the both seat up and down. Please send t. T and make solution for my problem. That person is talking very rudely and misbehaving with me.   
 Hi team, I have booked the tickets from ndls to gwl on 11th october from the train 12191.Here are the details of the tickets.Pnr no [protected]	train no./name: 12191 / ndls jbp sup expDate of journey: 11-oct-2017	date of boarding: 11-oct-2017	class: sleeper From: new delhi (Ndls)	to: gwalior (Gwl)	boarding: new delhi (Ndls)When we reached the station to board the train we found the announcement that train got cancelled. Even checked with the enquiry they even told train got cancelled.But it was showing the confirm tickets in the irctc. So, i tried to cancel the tickets then i got the message that after chart preparation we can't cancel the tickets.You can see in your records as well while booking the ticket it was showing that we will get the train form new delhi railway station we reached the same around 2 hours prior but as per the screen display & the inquiry information as well, there was cancellation of train, after that we left from ndls & reached nzm to get another train later when we tried to cancel our ticket in sriram express were not able to do that, in that case first of all we get disappointed from railway's team because we booked our train almost one and half month back we came from bangalore to delhi through flight & thought to get the train from ndls but nothing worked as per our plan due to end time train cancellation.At least we think railway's team should do a justice with customer to check whether what exactly happen with us, i am expecting you will go ahead & identify the exact cause for train cancellation at the last stage from new delhi railway station & kindly proceed for our refund.Please let us know in case if you need any other details from out side, thanks in advance   
 I was travelling in ii ac (Berth no :31 a1 coach) in falaknuma express from secunderabad to srikakulam road station by on 10 th october 2017. I kept my mobile phone (Samsung galaxy on 5 pro) for charging in the ii ac coach on a side table beside berth no:31. The train reached visakhapatnam station at 3.30 am on 11th october 2017. Suddenly as the train was moving from the platform, some unknown person entered and ran away by stealing my phone device. I saw the person, he is a tall and wearing a white shirt. I could not follow him as i was an old man of 66 years age and suffering from osteo arthrites (Oa) and walkng with the help of the hand stick. The same thing has been brought to the notice of the concerned tt. I got down at srikakulam station by 6.30 am on 11th october 2017 and a complaint has been lodged at that station with the help of the inspector sri. Ravikumar who is an extremely nice person. I came to know that my complaint was forwarded to visakhapatnam rs and i talked to sri. Venkateswara rao, inspector who is another excellent gentleman. On his advice, i have sent to him the imei numbers of the device. ([protected] and [protected]) the stolen phone is in black colour and it was purchased on[protected]. I will be grateful if u could kindly help me getting back the stolen phone as all the sufficient information is given. I am a retired scientist from a national laboratory, hyderabad and i was going to srikakulam for attending the board of studies meeting as its member in the dr. Ambedkar university. Once again i appeal u to help me. Further, i will appreciate if such things do not happen to anybodyRegards, Dr. V subrahmanya sarmaMobile: [protected]Address: plot no:129, h. No:1-49/6, street no:3Suryanagar colony, uppal x roads, Hyderabad-500039   
 I have booked one refrigerator and four packets household goods from bankura (Bqa) to ballery (Bay) station out of that i have received only refrigerator and three packet household goods packet, one packet is missing. I have contacted several times over phone to bankura and ballery station for my missing packet but they are not yet got any feedback. Kindly look the matter since so many important things are there in that packet. Consignment done via howrah (Hwh)Booking date-25/09/2017Total weight-3 quintalTin no. -19aaagm0289cizrPlease do the needfulContact no. Saheb dutta-[protected]   
 Hydrebad to rauxal exp. Delayed by 9 hours.. I want answers why delayed it.. Train arrived at 12/10/2017 from hyderabad.. No any road accident no any cause of fog.. Then why train delayed by9 hours. My pnr number is [protected]. My seat b2 35.. My number [protected].. I want now what is reason... If anyone see my complaint than give me immediately..   
 Respected sir, Please noted that dated on 6th october, 2017, we the under mentioned eight persons were passenger in the train 12334 bibhuti exp. From varanasi to howrah.That train reach howrah after 13 hours late running with a lot of bitter experience.. Neither a coach attendance nor a rpf were there for any assitance. We want justice. Please do the needful.Yours' sincerelyTapan das, namita das, tapati das,, tarun kanti das, harshadyuti nag (Pnr 233-5477437) & mrinal bhattacharya, alo pramanick, antara pramanick. (Pnr 233-5478108).   
 Dear sir / mam The ticket was cancelled on 2 octomber against the pnr no [protected]. On regualr basis the follow is going on from my side but there is no any positive response is happened from railway customer care team. The provided contact no ([protected]) is not picked up (Only one time picked and the executive said that the server is busy). On callinbg 138 or 139 they say that call to[protected]Please suggest how the communication can be happened if nether the reply on mail nor on phone is happened from the customer care no. Awaiting the positive response Regards, himanshu rai (Mobile no [protected])   
 Delay in train number 22482 delhi jodhpur superfast is delayed by 3hours 30 mins, horrible service of indian railway. We got a message at 8:30pm that train will depart from sarai rohilla at 1an. We reached here by 11pm as there is no proper transport services from my area now at 1am they are announcing that it will depart at 2:45. Sitting in open with lot of mosquitoes mosquitoes with two small kids. I request you to please don't harass passengers we are paying for the services you are giving us, it is not a free service.   
 Today when i was gone to railway station of mathura. During ticket counter the ticketer abuse me. He forbid to give me ticket. He refused to exchange money. Staion - bhuteshwar (Mathura area, up)Time 17:30 to 6:00 date 13-10-2017  He is only there at unreserved counter. I don't know more about that man. On that i had no time to complain to station master. My train is on platform   
 On my last journey it was noted that every stations about 30 passenger have been left from the train but passengers didn't get any seat from TT against priority of W/L. It is my humble request to Railway to allot seats to the passenger before prepared chart according to vaccant seats of next any station to W/L passengers & SMS on that basis before prepare chart .   
 This is in reference of train no. 13006 & 13005 amritsar to howrah (Up down) train late arrival & departure from last 7 days. This is creating problem to us in festive season like diwali travel to home. Please help us to get this on time before diwali, we have booked tickets from rajpura (Punjab) to shahjahanpur up dated 17.10.17 & return ticket dated 28.10.17.   
 In service, Sir, Jai hind, Himachal pradesh district kangra tehshil nagrota bagwan assembly constituency nagrota bagwan is requested to all the people that the northern railway station nagrota bagwan and northern railway station b/w palampur is located in the nothern railway station chamunda marg. This station has been built in 1974, along with several religious places and major tourist sites. People come from all over india visit and visit this station, and this station is full of crowd all day long. And passengers are faced with a huge problem due to lack of ticket facility. Many times, taking tickets from the front and back stations keeps the fear of accidents. Pessenger tickets are not available here for the following reasons. This station has been closed by the firozepur located in the senior commerce divisional officer and has stopped the purchase and sale of tickets so that many passengers have to be deprived of ticket travel.Therefore, the hunble prayer of all the people and the journeyers of nagrota bagwan, is to order that the station be re-operated smoothly, the ferozepur, located in the northern railway senior divisional officer, should be ordered shortly. It will be your great mercy.The residents of nagrota bagwan will always be greatful.Thank you   
 I have an account no. [protected] at sbi churchgate, mumbai. My revised ppo had been sent by eastern railway, kolkatta on 9/9/2017 and was received by cppc kolkata on 11/9/2017.Unfortunately till now i have not received revised pension and arrears. I have also not received d. A. Arrears. Please look into it and give me feedback on the following email:Msmathur_1999@yahoo.comThanking you, Mukesh sahai mathurRetired director irimee jamalpurPpo no. [protected]   
 From, Guru das roy, Qtr no. 6c -!/3, new town,, asansol, pin — 7133326 Mobile no : [protected], e mail add – gurudasroydgp@gmail.comSub : public grievances against a railway staff (Tc) postad at / working at/ onduty at durgapur stn., eastern railway (Asansol div) for illegitimate charge fined on a legitimate ticket holding passenger.Sir,  With due respect i, sri gurudas roy of an ex serviceman (Air force) would like to draw your kind attention for the following few lines which may sympathetically be perused for taking appropriate needful action at all required levels in indian railways (Specifically eastern railways, asansol division) so that the poignantly felt mental harassment due to illegitimate fines incurred /charged upon a legitimate ticket holding passenger like me is stopped. 1. I availed burdwan bounded asansol – buardwan emu passenger train with my family having valid passenger ticket no.83427571 dated 01.10.2017 for self and ticket no.83427570 dated 01.10.2017 for my wife and daughter leaving asansol at 0900 am on 01.10.2017 (Xerox copies of ticket are enclosed herewith along with fine excess fare ticket). 2. After boarding out of that passenger train at durgapur stn. I broke my journey there (Appx from 1005 to 1020 am) at platform no 1to receive my daughter’s mobile phone through my niece which she had left at my home town (Trilock chandra pur), my niece conveyed massage through mobile phone she would handed over it at entrance/exhit point at platform no. 1 at durgapur stn.Accordingly i approached to platform no 1 (Around 1025am to 1035am) to words the entrance point. There one ticket collector (On duty) at exit gate checked my legitimate passenger ticket no. 83427571 and illegitimately forced fine while putting false charge over me saying that i had travelled by express train/mail train (In the meantime and one mail/ express train also came at durgapur stn.) and i had over stayed at platform premises. He was not having any proof of his claim/ saying but i was holding solid proof of my valid passenger ticket.3. Hundreds and thousands of such kind of cases are happening and getting unnoticed over various rly. Stns.in india such kind of tc’s are to be given exemplary punishment by any means and while formulating reliable policy/ rules/ regulation/vigilantism, such kind of harassment with honest and innocent passenger is eradicated. Thanks with due regards anticipating your kind and sympathetic consideration and needful action after initiating necessary enquiry (Sir, you can checked my truthfulness may be justified over cc tv coverage) at all required levels or forums.  Regards. Date :13.10.2017 yours faithfully Gurudas roy.Encl:  As stated.   
 I have applied for online payment of pli (Aea plan) premium and i have given my email id & registered mobile no. For this purpose. After that i got a message from site that they will send a link within 24 hours and i have to confirm the login by clicking that link but i didn't received such link in my email id till now. So please tell me what i have to do for online payment of my premium? Thank you Mahipal Mb. [protected]   
 Your railway ticjet booking officer is sleeping during working hour. And jab maine unko ticket lene ke liye uthaya to rudel mujhe bola ki bolene ki tamiz ni h. So this is ur railways staf is way of talkinv to coustomer. I want to take a strict action on its. The incudent is happen at datia (Daa) railway station genral ticket counter. Other i file a complain on higher level   
 Horrible journey we faced in 12510 train on 9th oct 2017, i have confirmed reservation in s5 coach (My pnr no [protected]) 35, 37, 38 but no place to enter into that coach, it is looking like general compartment full of people everywhere (Max number of people doesn't have reservation tickets), even if we want to go to toilets also not possible to go, i waited for tc till rajahmundry but i couldn't found him, so i get down at rajahmundry and next day i came to bangalore by bus, loss of money, loss of time   
 This is regarding the tdr i file for refund as the train was late more then 3 hrs against (Pnr number [protected].)As per the mail received on 1 aug’ 2017 it has been rejected with the reason “passengers have travelled”. I was not travelled by the same train. I had booked another tatkal ticket for the same day (Pnr no is [protected] in durg - hzarat nizammudin humsafar exp.) and travelled with this train. How can it be possible that same passenger travelled by two different train.So i have filled the complain on railway's official website about this and post this complain i noticed that another tdr filled for the same. But this tdr request also cancelled by railways with same reason. How can it be possible that same passenger travelled by two different train.It seems that railways/ticket collectors sell the ticked to other passenger and marked it "passenger travelled" the are making a big fraud of allotting booked seats to the different passengers and earing money.I have all the evidences which proof that i was not travelled with the same train and the amt should get refund back to my account.Could you please reopen the tdr and refund the amount.   
 Submit a complaintI had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no.[protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (Almost 2 months) parcel had not been delivered., and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. And parcel is missing. No information from gwalior or shahdol... It is quite frustating and disappointing. Plz helpI had also complaint ealier with complaint no. W/nc/jhs/[protected] but no action taken and complaint is closed. I am loosing faith from indian railway parcel service.   
 I purchased/ booked two tickets through irctc next generation ticket booking co. For train no.12412/ intercity express from amritsar to chandigarh on 29.09.2017 bearing transaction id no. [protected] pnr no. [protected] for date of journey 29.09.2017. There is no message for cancellation of train was sent to me on my mobile no. It is surprised that when my daughters gone to the amritsar rail;way station, the train was cancelled due to the agitation of farmers near jalandhar railway station. Uptill now amount of e tickets was not refunded to me. I wrote a mail to the customer care and e-tickets regarding this. Instead of refund to me, they replied that the train was not cancelled. Kindly check the matter and again inquired about this. Because i personally checked on that day for this train and the status of the train was shown as cancelled.   
 On 26/09/2017 i, akash shivani, was travelling in train no 12405 gondwana express in a1 coach on berth no 1 & 3. Around 01: 00 at night my wife noticed her handbag was missing. The handbag contained 2 purses, one watch, around cash of rs 8000/-, two mobile phones iphone 6s (No: [protected]) (Imei no: [protected]) & oneplus 3t (No [protected]) (Imei no: [protected], [protected]). The coach had very few passengers. The attendant was sleeping just beside on side lower seat. On reaching mathura i lodged a fir on 27/09/2017 but till date, we have no clue on it. While travelling we tried to trace the phone by an app, it was showing that mobile location was showing in the train. I am not sure but attendant may be a part of this theft.I request you to please look into the matter, the copy of fir is attached.   
 I am working for installation of wifi on station. From beas station i get a ticket of beas to pathankot and there on beas and enquiry person told me that u go first on amritsar junction then there u will get another train to pathankot. When i try to catch next train then one tc check my ticket and make a fine on me then i asked him for reason he didn't tell me any appropriate reason and when i told him to take me there higher officer he did not take me and forcelly takes money when i asked his name he did not told but he had a tattoo with name prabhu so this is the railway system that if i am working for them also i have to pay.   
 Pnr: [protected]Train no: 12401Train was delayed by more than 11 hours...Journey of 9 hours takes about 13 hours...It is a routine for the railway staff to delay this train and others... Keep the train at halt for half an hour or more at various stations where there is no stoppage...Problem faced regularly in allahabaad and danapur regions...Request check the movements of trains around these two stations and try not to stop the trains unnecessarily   
 Dear sir, i am gaurav kumar rathore indian citizen of hathras. When i was travelling from hathras to njp by kavi guru expres train no. 19709 on 10/10/17 my bag was stolen at katihar junction. The bag having about 2000 rupees, 2 sbi debit card, one iob debit card, my driving licence and my passport, all are stolen at katihar junction. When i want to fir / complaint in the train, the tt tellme, there is no rpf personnels in the traine. The disguisting thing which we noticed was that there were no rpf personnels in the train and even train superintentend was not present in the train on that day. Sir, this is a serious case which the authorities have to take care of. Now we are afraid to travel in train. Who is responsible for this? Sir who will answer to this? Please enquire the same and kindly take immediate action.Hope this will be considered seriously Truly yoursGaurav kumar rathoreSeat no. A1/43   
 Dear sir, As mentioned above i have tried to book my ticket on 1/10/2017 from bangalore to hyderabad through tatkal through mobile app. During the process amount got deducted from my account but ticket haven't booked. So i was waiting for my refund which i haven't received yet. So please look in this matter and kindly do the needful. When can i expect my refund as its already 7 working days done.Irctc txn id - 100000996793303Booking date - 01/10/2017Regards, Vinay kumar   
 We were group of 18 people travelling from raichur and secunderabad to jalna by train no 17417 tirupati to shiridi sai nagar in coach b2. We had our dinner very late by 11 pm and we all chatted and slept around 1 pm and one of our cousin got down at nizamabad station to get drinking water by around 2 am and he also slept by 2:30 am. Jalna was suppose to arrive at 6:30am and i woke up all by 5 am itself so that they can be refreshed as kids were along but when our cousin went to washroom she found her purse hanging there and when she checked that cash was missing and other stuffs were intact and when she came and informed all everybody checked their purses strangely found that cash to the tune of around 36000 from 3 of the purses. The attender the staffs were all reluctant to search or help us to raise fir nor they did coordinate. We suspect on the railway staff itself as the were avoiding us itself. Kindly enquire and solve our issue and one more important thing was we found two more guys who lost their mobiles and were complaining to the respective staffs even they didn't handle them properly and they were just saying to lodge complaint at their respective destiny railway stations.   
 The following tickets were cancelled on various dates and the refund amounts are yet to reach my bank account.1. Pnr no. [protected] lucknow-new delhi 1 passenger. Rs. 410=002. Pnr no. [protected] new delhi-kottayam 1 passenger rs. 1320=00 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt. 25/08/2017 along with  Refund amount as above. 3. Pnr no.[protected] kottayam-new delhi 1 passenger rs. 1555=00 4. Pnr no. [protected] new delhi-lucknow 1. Passenger rs. 410=00 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt. 08/09/2017 with  Amounts 5. Pnr no. [protected] lucknow-ernakulam jn. 1 passenger rs. 2095 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt.26/09/2017 Total refund amount = rs.5790=00 The tickets vide pnr no. [protected] new delhi-kottayam & pnr no.  [protected] kottayam-new delhi were booked on cash on delivery  (Anduril technologies pvt. Ltd, 843, tower-b, spaze i-tech park, sohna  Expressway, sector 47, gurugram, haryana - 122002).  The above amounts may please be credited to my canara bank, no 1  Vishal khand 5, gomti nagar, lucknow-226010, up, sb a/c no. [protected], ifsc code : cnrb0002534.  My irctc id is"nairrain" through which i booked the tickets and  Cancelled the tickets.   
 Train 12920 from jalandhar to new delhi was delayed by more than 9.30 hours for a distance of only 365 kms. I missed my connecting train to indore from new delhi due to this delay. It was informed that a scheduled maintenance was a cause of this delay. No prior information was given by the railway authorities. I missed office due to this mishap. Railways needs to take responsibility and refund my tickets.   
 Dear sir/madam, I am pradeep, daily passenger from hisar to adampur. Sir now a days kisan express 14519 is running very late, due to this a bulk of passengers are reaching much late at their home at night. And all plans to do something at evening time at home are ruining everyday. So please do some thing for us as soon as possible. We shell be thankful to you for this.   
 Respected sirI was booked ticket from s. A. S nagar mohali to beas with 2s from irctc web siteTransaction id:[protected] on dated 3.10.2017And Beas to mohali with 2s from irctc web siteTransaction id: [protected] on dated 28.09.2017 pnr number [protected]Dated 28.9.2017 ticket has booked. But due to some reason train has been cancelled. That's why i want back my money in my account.But dated 3.10.2017 my ticket has not booked but money is deducted from my bank account. And it showing failed transactionSo kindly i request u plzz transfer my refund to my bank account as soon as possibleI have thrice mail a complaint to etickets@irctc.co.in, Care@irctc.co.in but they not respondingPlzz do need full...   
 I have booked a ticket in tatkal a/c iii class for journey from anand to jodhpur journey scheduled on 01/10/2017 departure time o train was 11pm but train was let and came at12.36 night stopage of the train at anand is 2 miniuts. I stand at b4 coach indicator. When train arrived i try to enter in the coach but the coach was locked in side i knocked the coach many times but the door was not opened then i rushed to another coach luckily door of b5 was alredy opened i hardly enter in the train after start of train, in side the train i searched the attendant but no body was their.in entire journey nobody has checked my ticket.in this journey i had only one beg with me suppose if family with kids travel what happened. I am 61 year old person how i caught the train i could not explain. You please understand the situationPnr no.[protected]Ain	Train number :	22476	Coach no :	b4	Berth / seat no. :	36Status	addressed   
 Indian railways are unsafe and irresponsibleMy mother in law hand bag and wife wallet got stolen in udhyan express on 10.10.17 morning from 2tier a-2 seat no 32.32.33 at early morning in between adoni-mantralaya. All the doors were unlocked in the night.No attendant was available.No railway police force available in train.No tte available.Feeling unsafe to travel in indian railways. Feeling ashamed of indian railways. Cash around 25k got stolen and important documents. Pnr no. [protected]   
 Sir, i am a student and today (10/10/2017), i bought ticket from new garia to sealdah.. But i deeply regret my inconvenience as i did not buy a return ticket.. And the tt caught me... His first reaction was... Give 260.. As i did not had tht mney... I requested a cosideration as i am a student, and i was in rush and it's a matter of regret.. But then he asked me to show how much money i have.. I mean "dikhao kitna mney hai".. Wht sort of a question is this? "dikhao"??? Why? I said i had 150... Which is true... But he wants to check my purse and my backpack! After that, i called my guardian and there he talked with. My guardian! Which officer does tht! And there he said 140 deal, but i was not going to give him any money.. So he lowered his rate to 100... Thn 50.. And meanwhile, when i was calling my guardian he passed a cmmnt saying "give the ph to me"... I mean wht sort a govt. Employee he is? He was in civil dress and i truly did not saw any batch or, something like tht... And whn i ws so stubborn.. The another man (Too in civil dress without any coat or, batch) told me to go home... Now i wanna ask if they were really railway personnel or, complete fraud? Wht is this? If they r true employees thn why first 260, thn 150, 100, 50 these considerations? I dnt think govt. Produce so many receipt fr fines! It's my wholehearted request to stop harrasing ppl by frauds!   
 Hi team, My name is suma khan, iam from vidisha (Madhya pradesh) and from past 5 yrs iam staying in bangalore (Karnataka) and its very difficult for me, no stopage of karnataka train at my station and all trains are crossing by that route. Its my request to solve this prblm in next budget, atleast 1 train stopage shuld be thr, Hope for the bestThanksSuma khan   
 Sir, my maternal grandmother n grandfather was traveling from kota to bhubhaneshwar on 8/10/17 and during thier journey, at night my granny's hand bag was stolen. It was of black colour and on it it was written rich born, it was a simple bag n contained things like - her specs, her small purse inside the bag that had some money, some imp. Books too. If found pl. Contact to [protected][mr. S. K. Nayak]. Pl. Take immediate action for it.Thank you.   
 So upset to inform the poor facility of 2tier ac coach in kamakhya express including late schedule by 6 hours... So annoying things happening in indian railway at this modern time. 2nd tier ac coach is seems like a general coach, people without ticket block the seats.More over ac not working and nasty toilet. Broken water tap.Request to please take a look and prove this is very important.   
 Hello sir, With reference to the captioned subject matter, i am a resident of india and i want to inform you that dated 17th september 2017 at about 1.00 am, while i am travelling from beas to bhusawal junction in train no 12716 sachkhand express. I lost my hand bag, i am sure it was stolen by some body while i am taking train in the train between bina junction and itarshi junction.My hand bag (Colour black) having following things1. Two mobile phone : I. Model: redmi note 4 dual sim Color: black Imei no: [protected] Imei no: [protected] Ii. Samsung galaxy j3 pro duos gold sm3. Original aadhar cards4. Speaks (Chashma)5. Original driving licence.6. Around 11, 000/- cashKindly register my complaint and kindly request you to take any action immediately and also i request you to investigate this matter on a urgent basis and return my mobile as early as possible and obliqueThanking you, Yours faithfullyRajani sangtaniEmail: canikhilsangtani@gmail.comMobile:[protected], [protected]   
 59050 train runs late since years but since last 2 months this train runs late by more than 40 mins to 1.30hrs for almost 5 days in a week. Everyday commuters post across social media, does online complains, visits station master office, etc but no where we are answered. At station let it be surat, bilimora, udhana, they give so lame replies and are least concerned also and we can feel it from the way they reply us. No one at all is concerned about small issues in india everyone just wants to do big big but cannot benefit normal people and hear them.Disgusting railway management!!!   
 Dear sir, I have to travel with my husband, my sister-in-law son and with my little baby from lucknow to ghaziabad on 8 oct 2017. We have booked our tickets in the padmavat express in tatkal so that we travel comfortably and able to join our on time. But we missed the train as on the board the platform mentioned is 2 but train passes from 3. We suffers alot that day we have not got seat n another train also. We missed our join and lost health even my small kid get disturbed. I want my money back as well as my loss such as missed my job and the problems that we faced.   
 Dear sir, Today i am travelling from bharatpur to new delhi after taking general ticket from bharatpur railway counter when i asked to tte for make difference fare of sleeper class. He put my ticket and say for 100 rs i request for only make difference fare ticket after reaching at mathura he came and told me for penalty of 310 rs. When i request again he make misbehave me. And make a panalty ticket.I request you for control for this type of incident and travellers do a happy journey. RegardsVarun sharma [protected].Ticket no 69926242Penalty ticket no 525029Date 9/10/2017   
 Dear, we daily travel from akurdi to pune at 09.09 am and return the at 07.05 pm same, we travel in first class coach which is last in the train, in that coach some ladies travel and they fight with people every days because in the crowd by mistaken any one touch them, we told that ladies why you not travel in ladies coach but they not listen and scold on people and use abusing language, we also call to customer complaint number for many general people travel from first class coach but no action taken from station tc or rpf. Need action on ladies.   
 Hi i am satpreet singh today i want to go to delhi in shatabdi train but your train is late. I want to cancle my booking and i want my refund back which you cannot give me back. If you will not refund then i will do something like legal issue contact to me and solove my problem. I want cancletion because my othe ticket booked from delhi to ranchi and your shatabdi train is not reached on time thats why i cancle my both ticket and i want my full money back and cancle my ticket which is from amritsar to delhi. My contact no. Is [protected]. Contact me as soon as possible if not then i legaly case on railway. Help me othe wise face the problms. And i give negative view against you   
 In the village dhana shamshabad, railways constructed the underpass for crossing the railway track, however the water treatment not proper inside the underpass, even the little rain blocks the complete way and no way to cross it. The problem is affected more than 20 villages. I have attached 2 images of the location, i will added more if and rain will happened.Thanks, Detailed location address : dhana shamshabad, barari, mathura, near mathura refinery, 281005   
 Respected sirSince today i have booked ticket from rukadi to kalyan with 3berth from irctc mobile aapSince my ticket has not booked but money is deducted from my bank account. And it showing failed transactionSo i kindly request u plzz transfer my refund to my bank account as soon as possibleTransaction id: 100001007276054I have thrice mail a complaint to 	etickets@irctc.co.in, Care@irctc.co.in but they not respondingPlzz do need full   
 Valsad dahod train me general compartment me tickets lekar bethne vale passenger ko mst vale utha dete he so pls do something about this matter agar passenger ko general compartment me nahi beth ne dege to passengers kaha jayenge so pls do something mst vale general compartment me bhi apana rouf jamate he or passenger ko bethne nahi dete or agar koe passenger age se betha ho to use bhi utha k beth jate he so general compartment me es tarah ki problem ko pls solved kiya jaye   
 I am a student (Nataraj) persuing m. Tech in iit kgp travelling from bengaluru to kharagpur in 12509 gauhati express. My laptop bag containing a dell lap service no [protected] and my collage id and two atm cards and clothes was stolen around 6 :00 am at chennai station on 07/10/17. I informed tc, and all other service providers their response was not good. There was no rpf in the train. I was travelling in 3 tyre (Coachb2 seat 48). There is no privacy and security in 3 tyre coaches and you are providing facilities for sleeping. What is need for providing sleeping facilities without having safety for our luggage. How can some body travel in such trains.   
 Sir.. Jodhpur se varanasi ko jane vali train 14854 15 ghante deri se jane ki sambhavna he ish vakya ko sun_sun kar bheja fat raha he ye kesi vyvastha he 3 month pahle seat book karne ke bad bhi in samsyayo ka samna karna padta he, bahut paresani hoti he hamara imergency work tha 8/10/17 ko kanpur me berojgar he job ka interview tha kon jimmedar he ishka   
 Respected sir, I am the daily commuter between ahmedabad to baroda in intercity train no 19035. The departure time for this train is 18.20 and arrival time at ahmedabad is 8.30. But since last 1 year i had never seen that the train arrives at ahmedabad on schedule. Since last 1 monnth, this train arrives at 21.15 at ahmedavad i/o 8.30. Most of the daily commuter between ahmedabad to baroda comes in this train. Kindly take necessary steps to regularise the time as all commuter reach their homes at proper time. Thanking you and wait for positive responce.   
 Dear sir I have a book ticket pnr no [protected]. The ticket is not confirm and ticket is cencelled but todeya date is no coming amount to my bank account ticket amount is not refund  I am very said so please add amount to my bank account  Please refund my ticket amount Thanking youRamshwer sahu s/o ramsiya sahu Rewa madhya pradesh   
 13332 up pnbe-dhn intercity is running late regarding this i want to ask from railway enquiries. I called to railway enquiry kiul, jasidih i rang 3 times tojasidih railway enquiry but they don't pick up the phone. Now u say what would i do.. This is not the first time it always happen. I hope u will take some action regarding thisYours faithfully ritu raj Ritusonuraj@gmail.com [protected]   
 Dear sir, I am premnath pandey, i had my reservation in train no. 12369 kumbh express, dated 05.10.2017 from jasidih to haridwar at 5 pm, but the train was rescheduled for 10pm (Late by 5 hours) and actually came at 11.34pm. We were boarded in kumbh express (12369), in ac 3 tier coach 2b my pnr no. [protected], with my wife and other 5 relatives, when we get up in morning around 7.30 after varanasi station, we came to know that our trolley bag containing the amount of rs.25, 000 cash, 2 set of shirt paint, my wife 5 saree and other necessary things, was missing, i had informed the tt and attendant but nobody register my complaint, then i tried to lodge an fir at lucknow station but they told me to lodge an fir at my destination point and refused to lodge the complaint. I had missed my train in all the while, and my wife had to travel alone with other 5 members, i tried to call on your helpline no. 1512, and 182 but nobody was responding over there. So, you are requested to please suggest me what to do now, which kind of security you have provided even in ac coach. Please do the needful.Yours sincerely, Premnath pandeyVictim passengerContact no.[protected]Alternate no. [protected]   
 Sir i have been harassed for last 7 month for the refund of my ticket as i booked my ticket According to them my ticket was booked during currency closed time and the amount is more than 5000 (Five thousand only) so the money would be deposited in my account but till date there is no such refund. And officers sitting at patna station and biskuman bhawan are harrasing me and making me run from this place to other. So i kindly request you to plz see forward and sort my problem because i m feed up with their harassment and rude behaviour.Sir i have done the attachment of all the papers.Jyoti Patna, bihar [protected]   
 Dear sir/madam, I had booked a ticket from sholapur to yeshwantpur in 2a for the date 02/10/2017. Ticket was on waitlist. Neither got confirmed nor got cancelled. I was charged 765 rupees for the ticket. This is second issue i'm facing in the last 10 days. I kindly request you to revert back on this issue at the earliest and process the refund.Thank you   5
 I am waiting at the station for the tatkal 2ac ticket since morning at the time of tatkal reservation the printer stopped working and the reservation counter person not even responding to the answers when it is going to get rectified and what happened, why u stopped selling tickets. What kind of service it is no proper functioning of the system equipment now the entire tickets got booked, because of that improper service i paid 3500 rs instead of 2500 rs who is going to pay the rest of the money   
 My pnr no. Was [protected] and date of travel was 03-oct-2017 and the train number is 12802 (Puroshottam exp). The coach no. Is s5. When we boarded the train from gaya station we saw that our seats were occupied by general passengers. Even after making repeated requests the general passengers are reluctant to leave our seats. We have to fight with them to get our seats. Even the ticket checkers of the train did not supported us. He only said that "what can i do". The coach is full of general passengers. The ticket checkers are settling the matters with general ticket holders by taking bribes. We book tickets 4 months earlier so that we can travel comfortably. But here we are face so much difficulties. Railway department should look in this matter   
 I raghav mantri travelling in humsafar (22705) from delhi safdar jung to ambala. The train timing is for arriving at ambala was 1 pm but till now it has not arrived.This train has no stoppage from delhi safdar jung to ambala but this train has stopped many times (More than 5) for 30 minutes. I need the immediate response why this train get late after reaching delhi.   
 Please note that i have a reservation code pnr no [protected], dated 27/08/2017, i have received message that the train has been cancelled and i have taken the another ticket in other train, and when i want to cancell the ticket i got message that train is cancelled refund will be done automatically but latter on train is resumed.Please find attached screen shot of the cancellation window.I have filled online complain but every time i get replied that complain is closed. Complain no for your ref w/wr/bct/[protected]   
 Dear sir /madem mera pnr :[protected] train:12475 date of junrny[protected] sl, rtm - jat pratik parmar s9 4 no sleeper seat, sir mere trolly beg subah mathura se delhi ke beech kisi ne chori kar liya he train me na police he na tc he complent karne me b problem he pls help me my contect no.[protected] pls help me and send me replay as soon as. Thank you   
 This is not a compliant but suggestion.. This train 16525 has all new coaches. I regularly travel in 2tier.. The water mug is kept in left side and is really hard to rinse. It shud hv been in right which is a pure design fault.. Also mostly water is not available to flush which makes passengers uncomfortable and toilets as usual smells bad.. Railways shud do smtjg innovative on the hygeine part which is pathetic on most of trains   
 Dear sir, I am avinash harne was travelling to raipur from nagpur on 2 nd of oct17, boarded in train (Train no. 18239 shiv nath exp) at 11.35 pm at nagpur, i lost my mobile handset (Samsung grand duo) in s4 coach after durg station, before durg station i have checked, mobile was with me. Kindly consider my application and returned my mobile handset if any body submit my mobile handset to railway police or board. Thanking you.My details are, Avinash harne[protected] Mowa raipur.   
 I want to know that why this system is not treating train no.12191 (Shridham super fast exp) nzm-jbp equally. Is a record of it.. It is getting late everyday. I’m sitting from last 2:30 hours in this train. Firstly it was standing for 1 hour at new delhi station and then half an hour at the outer of hazrat nhizamuddin station and then at present standing in nzm station for last 1 hour. Your “great” management is continuously passing trains and getting this train late.. I request you to do something immediately... As all the passengers are getting angry. Plz check the status of the train. And i request you to plz remove super fast express from the train’s name.   
 Dear sir, i have reservation in train no. 18183 dt 29.09.2017 pnr [protected] from tatanagar to jasidih (Jsme). My connecting train is utkal exp (18477) from puri to tatanagar. Utkal exp timing in tatanagar is 6am but it arrive in tatanagar at 9am dt 29.09.2017. Therefore my next train 18183 left the station at 8.20 am. And i suffer from many problem with my old & child member. I contact to station manager tatanagar but deny to any help because of e ticket. Therefore i requesting at least please refund money.Passenger name_.  B tiwari 34 m c1 65A tiwari. 29 f c1 62C devi 64 f c1 63R n tiwari 70 m c1 64A k trivedi 55 m c1 55   
 Dear sir, I hv booked tickets from irctc website and file tdr due to partially cancelled. Pnr no [protected], complain no: morly/e/2017/17143. Made complain twice but didn't got any resolution. Case was closed without given the money credited in my account.The money is approved by northern railway on 30 aug but refund is not credited in my account. Kindly see the case on priority basis.   
 Dear sir, Today 4/10/17 train number 22132I am a physically handicapped person having the disability of amputation to my right leg. First i should thank providing a separate disabled coach for exclusive disabled persons. But regularly in this coach non-disabled passengers are travelling and not allowing the disabled persons neither to sit nor to board the train. The railway authorities is failed in implementation part of separate coach. Though there is a penalty of rs. 500/- for boarding non disabled persons into disabled coach, no tte is visiting to this coach to check. If anybody want to travel ticketless the disabled coach is the safest coach. The police personnel who is suppose to safeguard the system allowing non disabled passengers by taking petty amount.   
 Sir, I am traveling from ayodhyapattam to chennai egmore train number 11064, i have simple general ticket but general compartment is full so i boarded in sl coach, when tc came i told him to make my challan slip but he didn't and start misbehave, he take money from someone else and give him seat. I don't know the name of tc but please check and take action., otherwise i will file a case against him.   
 Dear sir, This is to bring to your knowledge.On 29th sept-lucknow double takker tt did not came even once to inspect the ticket.As i was carrying some water based paint so i was allowed after i paid 250/ to security at x ray counter as i have no option to deposit at gate as i was supposed to return after couple of days.While on me return on 2nd oct on gomti exp again no tt came to check the ticket and un reserved passengers made journey difficult as i can not access wash room as people were standing on way.Why no tt comes in day time?Govt official get best salary & privileges for doing nothing.Regards   
 I booked ticket in train 13238 (1/10/17) which was scheduled to come on swm at 4:25 pm but it came on 2/10/17 at 2:45 pm and now instead of managing its time it is getting more late. I am writing this at 4:14 pm (3/10/17) and still in the train.This train is currently 28 hrs late and getting more late.Kindly see the issues as india do have people who have some value of their time.Thanks   
 Sir we have daily travel between "nidaghatta halt to kengeri bangalore".The train timing to nidaghatta halt is 7.10.. But it daily comes 25 or 30 m late.My office began in 9.00 am. But we are going daily in 9.20 or 9.30 am.My boss strictly warning me. Otherwise he cut my sallary.So many people are suffering from delead train. Plz take a action sir, and also We complaint nearest stations. No use. Plz solve this problam sirPlz help us   
 Dear sir, This is in regard to my pnr no -[protected]. I booked the reservation sheet dated 20 june 2017 in uchahar exp in 3 ac. At that time i got 2 confirm sheet in b2 coach. Sheet no was 15, 16... As i am married person and staying with my wife and little child in delhi last 5 year. So my sheet was confirm so i thought i don't need to check pnr status... Today i check pnr for train timing at time i saw that train is cancelled. I was totally shocked beacuse how will i go to my home town with my family.. Now a dayz every train is showing waiting list.. So i request you to pls help me.. Thanks Tarun [protected]   
 Excess fare refund claim submitted to passenger refund section scr railnilayam sec bad on 20-2-2013 claims rejected just referring rly time table guidelines towards my refund claim of 2 and time collected full fare by tte on duty through excess fare ticket on train no.12792 of 18-2-2013 for our journey from m. Sarsi yo sec bad by coach s 12 with 3 confirmed berths of jvsm prasad 57 and j padmakumari 51and j sowbhagyam 88 years on failure to produce original rly counter issued ticket to tte sincd ticket was lost while boarding train due to pickpocket. Even though xerox copy of original lost ticket was produced to verify in chart listed self names and ages with our aadhar photo ids tte collected full fares and allotted us same berths which were reserved by us originally. A refund claim was submitted on 20-2-₹013 itself at scr rail nilayam refund section after confirming from scr sec bad stnyard tc office computer system stating our original lost 3 tickets status as not cancelled even after arrival of train at destination on 19-2-2013. As such the railways collected 2 full fares for each passenger just because original ticket was lost. Even a net booked ticket zerox copies and sms messages are considered for journey by railways why a xerox of rly counter booked lost ticket is not considered by tte. As refund claim was submitted in time with negative reply with no scope for s normal passenger like me to approach rly higherups though kept silent all these years with no option and now having had mobile technology advancement having known mail ids of scr higherups representations have been sent thro mails. I request for refund of full fare collected for 2 and time by tte since original lost rly counter reserved ticket status after arrival of train to destination revealed as lost ticket not cancelled and thereby 2 full fares are collected by rly. Which may be refunded.   
 Respected sir, sEvery day running train late from patna to jehanabad or gaya as per today attached file time departure list as per today jehanabad arrival time showing 9.50 am but actual arrival time 10.10 am all are requested to please check from system error or any last 2 day same time showing arrival or departure patna to jehanabad total distance 45 km but time taken approx 1.45 hr please solve   
 We were going to travel from duranto express on the night of 29th oct '17 from delhi to allahabad. We had our train from new delhi railway station. We went for dinner on teh next platform to the government pantry. There we inquired about the availability of the menu options, to which the staff member named 'amit kumar' said that they had only 1 option: thaali worth 100rs. I re-checked the menu board, where the price of thali was rs.35. I checked with him again & he said that there was only thaali available for rs.100. Quiet suspicious, but we took that. Once our thaali came, we found that there was no curd / sweet as mentioned by him. Also, while eating, we asked the people eating next to us, they said that they had got thaali for rs.35 only. Also, many other food options were available. We stood at the counter for some time & found that amit kumar judged on the basis of dressing & appearance & gave the thaali priced rs. 35 for rs. 100. I also took a photograph of him. Please take some action so that they do not cheat the people.   
 I have complain about tickets checker that they should help passengers not harass them to brought money in the form of penalty to complete their target if passengers are in trouble, they talk and behave rudlyWithout telling rules of traveling only give slip and argue After changing departure rout of train passenger rush run to catch running train unfortunately he is not able to take ticket bez he might miss the train, in that situation what passenger will do...   
 We have traveled from secunderabad jn (Sc) to howrah on 30th september 2017 by foluknuma express (Pnr no. [protected]) and reserved berth no. 27, 28 and 29. We have not seen any sweeper or housekeeping staff in the b2 compartment and gradually the compartment and adjacent toilets became a hell in 26 hrs journey period. It was come to know after few time that cleaning staff are absent and tt told us nothing to do. It is very much shocking to us during observing swachha bharat pakwara is going on though out the nation whereas a reserved and paid passengers are not getting minimum cleanness in their train journey. Please look at the matter and do needful and assure that it should not be happens again.   
 I have booked two tickets one was in waiting and other was in tatkal which got in waiting just in 30 secs of payment duration though it was showing 40 availbl before booking. But both of my ticekts did not confirmed. I did not travel and i did not even get my money back. Indian railway got pathetic. They are just exploiting common man. Neither we are getting our money back nor quality. They have raised tje fares in the form. Of dynamic charges etc. We are only getting fooled.   
 I have taken memu from rohtak to delhi junction today i. E. 02.10.2017 initially train was delayed 12 minuts, covered almost since reached dayabasti rly stn,., but at dayabasti train stopped for 50 minutes as per driver he talked somebody but disconnected by other side, train was stopped for crossing for bareilly intercity, which already delayed and could not reached rohtak and limited to bahadurgarh. Since train reached at delhi at 4.05 i missed ghaziabad kosi emu, i waited for next train which was supposed to arrive at delhi at 4.45 came at 5.50 and since 5.50 it reached new delhi at 6.40 started from next. Delhi at 7.20 and at present 7.45 not yet reached h. Nizamuddin and already delayed by 2.30 hours i humbly request you to please understand the value of time of the people it is not right time for high speed bullet train, but to correct our present system preference wiseSafety Timing Availability Thanks & regards Manish kalra   
 Train number 76505 memu is starting from bangalore cantonment to kolar via krpuram, hoodi bangarpet the said train number ie 76505 is not stopped at hoodi halt station on 2/10/2017 without having any reasons due to said reasons passengers who want to get down at hoodi halt faced huge problem like wisewho want to go to kolar from hoodi halt faced problem kindly take necessary action against the pilot of train number 76505   
 I am traveling in 14649 from madhubani to sonipat train is 14 hrs late when we started our journey and as of now it is delayed by 19 hours and the train ac is not working properly water is not available so it is very tough to travelAdding to our agony the train is withheld many times and its greeting even more late So plz provide water at ayodhya in train no 14649And also see the issue with acMy pnr no is [protected]   
 I am traveling from anvt termi al to gorakhpur by train no 04010. The expected arrival of train to gorakhpur is 2.45 but at 3.52 it has not been arrived to gonda railaway station despite this route is double lined and not so busy. I don't know why these people are keep waisting time of passengers. They don't care about them. I have a important work to do today. My pnr no is [protected]   
 For how many more days are you guys going to say indian railways is a big network and we need time to resolve problems? Our train is stuck in the middle of a literal forest and these guys have switched off the ac quoting some cut in the engine coupling? Why are you guys charging like hell (For all purposes tatkal/premium tatkal/spl charges) and torturing the customers like this?What's the need of speeding at 113 kmph odd if the engine / route is not capable of handling the same and applying emergency brakes to halt it within 4.5 mins? Do you guys wanna play with people's lives like this? Are the lp/alp really trained to handle express trains?W/sr/mas/000270705Train number: 12610Stoppage at tiruvalam station for the last 40 mins approxIssue: coupling cut! What?   
 I had a ticket with waiting list of 5 which was not clear and i will get the money return after deductiong cancelliation to indian railway where m not at fault. I booked tatkal ticket in amritsar shtabdi from jalandhar to delhi. When i booked it was 39 tickets availbl and while booking or proceeding payment it got 23 waiting with in few seconds. I was shocked to see how could it possible. Now if my tatkal ticket will not confirm my all amount will be wasted. Indian railway sucks. Things have been deterioting since modi joined in. All the fares have been increased multiple times still no quality in services.   
 Hi, I went to cst, mumbai to catch a train for pune. My train was at 6:40am but i reached station by 5:00am. I had a cc ticket and when i went to ac waiting room on platform 15, it was very very crowded. The staff present at the gate who generally overseas the records of the passengers visiting the waiting room was very busy watching movie on his mobile. He was least bit interested in keeping track of the people present in waiting room. I am pretty much sure that 30% of people in ac waiting room did not have adequate ticket. Moreover there were police constables who were just passing time and were out of place. If this is the kind of service that is offered after spending so much on tickets then i don't think railways deserve any support from the commuters. Please check the condition for yourselves. It's pathetic. Oh! Sorry i forgot, in order to check the situation, you all also need to work.   
 Its very unfortunate that railway does not bother to find out whether patform lifts r working or not, then y r they installed? On 29thsept17at 3:10a. M i along with my mother in-law 76yrs, my father 77yrs, my mother 66yrs had to board 19453/gimb puri exp, our reservation was on coach b2 which is nearly 100-150 mts from foot of the overbridge in platform no.5.I humbly want everyone to realise the situation and the pain we all went through just because the lift was not working. At 2:45 a. M no porter was available how we managed i just want railway to think once on atleast humanitarian grounds. Does railways clearly indicating us plz do not travel with senior citizens or our parents??   
 We had to use the retiring room in august’ 17 at secunderabad railway station. Since we arrived midnight as there was no other option and we had to spend only 5hours we decided to use the ac retiring rooms. The person in charge and the supervisor informed that the rooms cannot be booked as they are booked only online they informed that we can see the room ac and non ac room and decide. We saw both the room both where in very pathetic conditions the non ac was in a very worst condition no proper cleaning and filthy we decided to take the ac room as it was bit better. On confirmation of the room the person inchrge informed i don’t require to book the room with 1200 rs and i can get the room by just paying 500rs with no receipt. When we questioned why rooms are not clean and maintained the person in charge told that the cleaning and other guys are not available / strike.The ac room sofa was covered with dust, all the space was dusty and we have to clean space before keeping our bags and any items. Why can’t the rooms be maintained properly, passenger make payment he deserve to have room in ood condition.If the rooms are maintained like this in one of the metro cities and one of the busy railway station of the country which gives passenger very bad experience and passengers avoid to book the railway retiring rooms.   
 Greetings sir, we have a great indian railways system how much great means if the train capacity is 500 people means but we are giving the tickets 700 and 800 like that what about that 200 and 300 people of the train is late alternate another passenger is available means the tt won't accept at least to stand then why you are giving the tickets, you are responsible if the train is late why we have to trouble because of your system. Really i very unhappy and very sad because of this system. Today i faced a problem that i got a ticket from tenali to machavaram, the train is running late after i am getting the ticket another passenger train has arrived so all passengers are used this train to travel so you (Central railway) are the responsible for that, so there is no that much space and seats are not available at least no space for standing in general coaches so some passengers are trying to travel on reservation coach the tt has fired on us and get them out, so what is the situation what he is doing we know what is the train capacity general coach so you have to arrange the extra coaches on next station or you have to give alternate. Really my respectable indian railway sirs please change the system please please   
 Dear all this is rajendra sharma started my journey by tarin no 12968 jaipur chennai exp on 29th sep 2017 in coach no s7 rac 23, immediately after 5 min journey i was hit by anti socialist by a glass bottle with one co-passenger and got hurt badly complained to tc no action taken only by fellow passengers gave first aid cleaned all glass liquor spread.On same night in between 1:30am to 4:am someone stolen my hand bag in which two mobile (Samsung a7 and core 2 duo) 2gold rings also cash rs.12000+, pan card aadhar card and some other valuable item were there.I raised complaint to tc and tried online complainant at 182 raised the issue to rpf security guards every one tried to transfer to others finally mr. R h chauhan at itarasi came and collected my all details but he also didn't give any acknowledgement at last thought of raise complaint at chennai grpf but here also no one was ready to take complaints, i approached to many senior officials but i was informed to raise only online complaint with ujjain police. Really the entire system is not ready to take responsibility of passengers. If any one can suggest me something what action i should take further please do inform me at [protected], er. Raj81@gmail.com.   
 Pnr number : [protected] booked on 25/08/2017 passenger-1 f-57 Train no.12311 from howrah to kalka 3a rs. 1805/ doj 20/10/2017Showing rac/14 which is still rac/14 after 55 days. I myself booked the ticket from the window at solan standing in q. Hanged?? Ticket booked 55 days before the doj : 20/10/2017No cancellation in 35 days??Or chart not prepared hanged long 02 months before the date of journey?? What is wrong with indian railways booking system??Pnr number : [protected] rac/14 on booking date - 25/08/2017 and on 30/09/2017Still rac 14   
 Train was about to depart from Kolkata station at 29-09-2017 at 22:45 . But it was firstly delayed by 14 hours then it was further delayed by about 16 hours and finally departed at 14:47 on 30-09-2017. Again, train is further delaying by mire than 5 hour during journey . Due to this issue we might miss our next reserved train please take care of this issue. We claim to get our fare back for such a late train.   
 While travelling sabari express, gents are come to the ladies compartment, then they are looking to laddies some kind of there wants. Why gents are coming to laddies compartment? We also hearing some kinds news report's of sexual harassment and crimes. Its can be overcome, there a railway police to check every station while arriving the train. Please sir/madom take an action immidetly.   
 Dear team, I am very fed up with the indian railways system i have booked the two tickets in which i have to face two problem1- first ticket is booked for the 22nd sep journey from kanpur-jaipur train 14865 which is cancelled by your side of which i didnot received any notification on mail nor my phone.Resulting i have to face trouble in night near about 1.00 am by visitng the station with my father who is senior citizen. If you willl give me intimation then i can plan my journey. I have to cancel whole plan.2- second ticket which i have cancel on today which is booked from jaipur to cnb for[protected] due to the first train cancelled by you. Resulting i have to face the cancel charges.Now i want my money back of both tickets and compensation of loss of time and efforts of mines due to your worst and disorganise railways system. Only bullet train launching is not much and good to improve the existing railways is much more important.Your customer service no is not available by which i can seek the imeediate response.Pnr no are as follows :-1-[protected] (Cnb-jp)2-[protected] (Jp-cnb)I want the whole ticket amount and also the compensation for the loss which i occured.   
 I was travelling from jalandhar to kota from train no. 19806 in sleeper coach on 21 sept 2017 and next day early in the morning near old faridabad my purse got stolen which contains 3 phones (Lenovo vibe k5 imei no. 861895039904751, samsung galaxy j7 and nokia) and my two id cards (Voter id and college id) and cash around rs. 3000. There was no rpf or tc present in the train whole time of the journey.   
 The passenjers are paying but the sleeper classes are most dirty. Bathrooms/toilets arenever cleaned. I am travelling in 13021 mithila express. The bathroom and seats are horrible. Before launching luxury train pay attention for the cleanliness. Swach bharat project of pm cannot be successful. Please pay attention as we are paying but not getting minimum service from you.   
 We are living at very interior part of chhattisgarh india. My sister with two children is coming to our town ambikapur, there is no stoppage of new delhi - ranchi rajdhani to aligarh jn so we want stoppage of new delhi - ranchi rajdhani to aligarh jn for 2 minutes on 20th december 2017 our arrival station is garwa road from were we have to go around 200 km to our town ambikapur so please accept my humble request.   
 I had booked e-ticket and payment made by my atm card, due to heavy rain train was cancelled not reached at boarding, the rout was diverted. I did not got the refund.in this regards i have had the detailed discussion with the railway authorities and emails has been sent time by time but due to negligence of railway till date deducted amount not credited to my account.   
 Dear team, I was traveling from haridwar to howrah by train no 12370 at b2 (64 pnr no. [protected]) on 28/09/2017. I have seen ticket checker allotted seat no. 63, b2 to personal illegally by taking bribe of rs 700 from lucknow to patna. It is very shameful action to indian railways system.Please take action to that corrupted ticket checker.Thanks & regards, Ranjan majumder+91 [protected]   
 I booked a ticket in transaction id [protected] for pnr number [protected] on 16 - sep-2017 20:36:19 hrs. I cancelled it 1 month before on 29 september2017 from the schedule journey. I get money back only 60 rupees where as i paid 420 rupees for the tickets and cancelling 1 month before from schedule journey (29-octber-2017). Please take necessary action.   
 I had booked a ticket on train 22684 lucknow-yeshwantpur, pnr no:[protected] for[protected] which was waiting list 1 and 2 at the time of booking. Though the train has already left lucknow on[protected] at 630pm, the status of my pnr says"chart not prepared" in all the railway online portals and i am not able to know the current status of my ticket which makes me suspect that foul play is involved in not letting passengeres know the current status of their ticket possibly due to the heavy traffic of the festival season.   
 Travelling frm pune to new delhi by train #11077 27 sep 17. My luggage ticket#b662623. But it cud not traced at railway stn. Very dissatisfied and dejected due to poor management. As per railway staff as the and i was supposed to take my luggage for participating in an upcoming painting exhibition hosted in shimla. I have come all the way from pune for participating in this painting exhibition. I request that i get my luggage immediately at new delhi so that i could travel to shimla   
 On 27th september around 1.00 pm when pinakini express arrived in platform no.4 by which my sister aged around 70 was travelling. I asked the vehicle driver to carry (Lying free) me from the passenger seating place near higginbothams at central station chennai to platform no.4 he told battery is getting charged it will take another half an hour to get charged and asked the other vehicle which was there he told that it is not working for past one month. Please do the needful so that thesethings are utilizedto the optimum by senior citizens   
 I have booked ticket from idain railway counter (Prs ticket) for train no.22834	and name:bbs humsafar, from tirupati (Tpty) to visakhapatnam (Vskp) for 28.11.2017. The price was showing rs.1030. So i was ready for booking two tickets by giving 2x1030=2060 rs. But my ticket was booked at indian railways counter ans asked me to pay 3490 rs. He booked the ticket without asking me the higher pricing, that cost me more than 1430 rs extra. He saying it is due to dyanmic fare of the trai. But for this type train when a customer come for booking tickets with one amount but certainly increase more than 50% amount so railway booking person should asked his consent. But he booked the tickets without my consent and i had to pay extra more than 50% amount. Which is extra burden for me. And i don't able to pay this extra amount and railway authorities should refu nd my full money back to me without taking any cancellation charge. And this also done very soon so that i can get back the money and can able to book another ticket by this money which is affodable to me.   
 I srinivas from hyderabad, i've boarded the train on 25/09/2017 @ 8:05pm venkatadri express train no :12797 from kacheguda to chittoor. At 26/09/2017 morning when i woke up at 4:30am i realised that my trolley bag was theft by someone which have unused clothes of my sister's & son in law's worth of rs.20, 000/- if any one of u found my bag please do inform us by calling my number 7396-842-843. Thanks.   
 Irctc — tdr status shows cr registered bt refund amount not received46 reviewsNe neeehha39 on nov 22, 2014 submit a complaintHi support team, I have booked a ticket from irctc site onlineTo ald for ndls on 20 aug, 2017 And date of journey was 24 aug, 2017.For reason train delayed more than 3 hours andThe passenger has not traveled, i filled the tdrFor the same in irctc against my ticket and theStatus was turned to cr registered, but theAmount was not refunded yet.I am not sure what else i might be missing toGet amount refunded. Please let me know what iCan do further or else you can drop a mail to prachirastogi38@gmail.comTicket details: Do transaction :- 20 aug 2017.Pnr number :- [protected]Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 24-aug-2017 22:39:18 hrs Tdr status: cr registeredCancellation id: 100000179776023Tdr zone: northern railway (Nr)Warm regards, Prachi rastogi   
 Respected sir; This is to inform that grey colortrolly bag has been stollen from 19024 train date 28/9/17.. Between kota and ratlam station.. Which includes goldornamemts worth rs around 50k.. Documents of result. Ba. Ma.. On the name of kiran and apparel. My pnr no. [protected]. Kindly look in the matterand do the needful. My name is suraj prakash mobile no. Is [protected].   
 Dear sir I bought a mail express general ticket for 3 adults and 2 children worth rs 480/- at akbarpur (Up) on 25th sept from akbarpur to patna jn for patna-kota express or farakka express whichever would have come earlier, but unfortunately both the trains got unduly delayed for more than 10-12 hrs, i cancelled my trip and came back by car. When i tried to cancel it at the ticket counter they told tickets can be refunded within 3 hrs of purchase. Where is my fault, i waited for 4-5 hrs for the trains and after getting clear position of undue delay i wanted to cancel it. The ticket no are 53203074 and 53203075 purchased at 10.35 and 10.36 am respectively separately issued for children and adults on 25/09/2017. I am in a loss of rs 480/- without any fault from my side.I request the authorities to kindly take action to get my money back.   
 Hi, i ve booked counter ticket in cuttack vide pnr no. 610-6349020 dtd. 25.09.2017 train no. 12073 with travel date 27.09.2017 from hwh to ctc with wl 167. Finally the chart prepared with wl 58. Later they changed the status of train rescheduled to 18.15 in stead of 13.25. I decided to travel by other train going early and did a current reservation in coromandel vide pnr no. 660-6405624. Went to cancell the ticket of 12073.in the counter the executive told "current rescheduled time is 2.50 min, if you cancel it now even if with wl status you ll not get any refund. But if you wait till the departure and it get delay by 10 more minutes then you ll get full refund. You can cancel it in cuttack even but in cuttack they refused to cancel. They told you should ve cancelled in howrah. Finally my fingers crossed.   
 We have book our ticker in ltt haridwar sup express train no 12171 from nsk to ndls its shedule time was 11:00 am but firstly we were inform that it is runinng late by 3.5 hour than we were told that it further 2:00hour late & will reach the nasik at 4:30 now i want strict action against this delay and my compansation as due to this we hav to paid extra to hotel also i have to cancel my important meeting.   
 Sir, What kind is service is this?Is this a jock that we r travelling with hwh-puri satabdi express??? It is just a "bail gari"The train has delaied at starting point for 2:35 hrs and now it is paused before cuttack station for 1hrs. Dnt know when will reach puri station. I am having this journey with my family including 4 senior citizen among them. Either u guys dnt run this sort of trains or declare it as cancelled. If u dnt have some common sense during this durga puja days. One more suggestion is all ur officer ranks belongs to upsc cadre but the services seems to be below category now a days. Make it privatization or plz back 50% fair to the passengers account from their salary?   
 Respected sir..I'm also in railway employer today i journey jam-khambhalia to jamnagar in okha bhavnagar fast passengers train. But when i seat in 2nd class couch then tte shree salim bed behaving and insult me in front of all people. Then told me go and seat local coach.. But sir i have railway passes regular (2nd class reservation) Tte salim very baldly insult me in every front of people. Dear respects sir please i'm very shamfull for all this bed behaving from tte salim rajkot division rajkot gujarat.Sir please help me..   
 I booked ticket (Pnr no: - [protected]) from alleppey to bangaluru cantt but by mistake i got down at bangaluru city at 9am 24th september 2017. At platform number 1 exit. Railway staff hold me and asked for 880 rs as fine, when i raised concern they gave me an excess fare slip (No. 15, 730712) of 600 rs from bwt to sbc station which is wrong. When i raised concern that they are giving wrong slip they started misbehaving and threatened me about putting me behind bars.   
 Sir, Pnr [protected] ticket was wait listed for journey date 25.9.17.Cancellation rules for wait listed tickets is half an hour before departure. My question is how a passenger without arranging any substitute options to reach their destination, going to the railway station for cancellation a waiting ticket? It's only a massive harassment and intention to monetary loss of passenger. My second question is, if we cancel waiting ticket as per rule i. E before half an hour of train departs, what kind of benefit got indian railway or what should change in seating arrangements of that train or something else? Its not a matter of jokes... Because huge monetary losses we have faced.   
 We booked ticket on 16th june 2017 for traveling from jaipur to allahabad on date of journey 23th june 2017 in the train no. 12404/ jp ald express. The train was cancelled its entire journey on the said journey (23.6.2017) might be due to farmers' agitation as displayed and announced at jaipur jn. The station master informed us that the amount of ticket will be refunded (Credited) in our account as ticket was booked through irctc e-ticketing. We are sorry to inform you that after making all efforts (Mailing irctc, railway board and ministry) we have not received the refund amount till date. The irctc is saying that they don't have any official information from railway about the cancellation of train 12404 dated on 23/6/2017. It is surprising that the cancellation of train has not been endorsed to irctc and consumers are unable to get hard earned money refunded. The description of the ticket is as follows:Transaction id : [protected] pnr no. [protected] train 12404Date of journey and boarding: 23/6/2017 class: second ac ticket type: e-ticketNo. Of passenger: four amount of ticket: rs 6360.0   
 I booked a ticket in a special train from secunderabad to howrah train no:07182 up to visakhapatnam my pnr no:[protected] dt:25/09/2017. Scheduled time was at 21:40 hrs but the train was late by 5 hrs and started from secunderabad at 2:30am. I waited up to 1:30 am and went to cancel the ticket but the booking person denied to cancel the ticket as the train is already scheduled.in the regard i went to meet any authorize person at the station, to my surprise no one was present at the office. I am writing this complaint because i have some points from where we can get justice or answers.My points: — 1. Why was the train late by 5 hrs when it is starting form same station.2. Why was no authorize person available at that time to answer.3. Why was my ticket not cancelled and got refund.4. At 11:45 pm bogies of the train were getting repaired at yard. When the train is scheduled at 9:40 pm.Please look into the matter and do the things needful.Regards, Md. FerozMob:[protected]Address:flat no:g1, Sree venkateswara resiency, Road no:4Anjenaya nagar, Moosapet, Hyderabad-500018   
 I in gaya junction was inquiring about a train as the train was late. I asked twice after an hour, the employee miss behaved with me. According to him i am a mentally affected person and even he used several slangs. And when i came to register my complaint, the complaint receiver has not received my written complaint and even threatened me that he will give me to rpf. And when he came to know that i am not from gaya he even used to sout on me to get out of the compartment. The exact time was 07:22. Its a request to revert to this complaint.   
 (W/er/hwh/000267403 this my previous complaint number in which i have complaint for unusual late of train no 12331 & 12332 but reply came for train no 12322 & 12321 this proves that indian railway is irresponsibble from their duty and it is proves that today 12331 is also going to be late thank you indian railway we are used to this types of behaviours i think i have to go to consumer court now) pls see in this matter   
 I am going in mas-snc express.. It was 5 hour late in the boarding station chennai central and after that now it's moving like a local train. It is taking too many halts and no cateerer systems i haven't seen till now. I need go to kharagpur in time but i don't think it can be arrived there even after 10 hour of my sheduled time.. Indian railway in such a worst condition i can't imagine also   
 I traveled by 12860 HWH - CSTM Geetanjali Express vide PNR NO [protected] from HWH to CSTN Dated 17th Sept . The super fast train was not cleaned right from Hwh to CSTM !! After sending SMS by one co passenger, the B2 Coach ( Where I was travelling) got cleaned. The vestibule corridor and the coaches were too dirty all the way.. The waste box was not getting cleaned . Are we paying so many taxes to the Government to see all filthiest? There was no safaiwala all through out the journey. Is it the way to trouble the passengers?   
 Ticket details:Transaction id [protected]Pnr no [protected]Train no 15602Date of journey 05/10/2017The ticket was booked online thro irctc website.The railway site says processing of refund will start immediately on cancellation of train with effect from 1-7-2015.Since a week over the train has been cancelled. No refund action initiated for online booking. By email a rule has been sent where the officer does not know whether the train has been fully cancelled partially cancelled.in the site indianrailways. Govt.in it has been displayed that the train has been cancelled. But in irctc.gov.in no such mention has been made. Now the official sites the rule that the passenger who has booked the ticket online should visit in person to the railway station fill up the tdr form and submit. The money will be credited to the bank account of the passenger. The window is 72 hours from the time of the departure of the train. The question is when tickets can be booked online why refund for cancelled train a passenger has to visit the railway station in person? Is it not a harassment?   
 Immence pain i have gone through while travelling in train no1233 from howra t jammu dt 23-9-17. I started my journey from howarah junction on dt 23-9-17 in train no 12331. As per schedule it was expected to start at 1155 pm dt23-9 & reach jammu on 25-9 by 1235pm. The time i am writing my immence pain & torture i have gone trrough wile travelling in this train for the first & last time it has just reached sahranpur & it is 8-45pm dt 25-9.17. The train is already 16hours late. The way this train is plying it is expected to reach jammu on 26-9 at about 5 00am.  Mr railway minister & top raiway executives you will not understand this pain because you people being born with silver spoon have never gone through such circumstances. & that is the reason you have never tried to correct it.  I am travelling in sleeper class s12 coach & my seat no is 32 su. For the last 44hours i am confined to my side upper birth. Because some other persons have occupied my seat. & have not vacated the same instead of my repeated requests. I have not seen any railway tt or any railway person since i boarded this train on 23-9-17.. The condition of reserved sleeper class is uglier than the general class. There is no fan. It is a very dirty & foul place. There is no railway person to take care of. Pray god that good sense prevails to those who are at the helm of affairs & see what the ordinary persons go through. & the corruption & nepotism they face at each & every place.. Pl fix the responsibility & try to set the things right. Bring punctuality in the running of trains & make late running trains scrapegoats..  M no [protected]   
 Trainenquiry.com used to give accurate information on atleast the actual arrival / departure timings. But for the past more than one year, some mischievous officials have made fun of this site. What to talk of expected arrival/departure timings, this site is giving erroneous information on actual arrival/departure status /timings. Eg pl check 12011 ndls - kalka sharabdi exp on 25 sept 2017. It showed actual departure from ambala as 10:30, where as the train reached this station at 11:00 and departed at 11:05 and so on for all subsequent stationsThis appears a deliberate move by some rail officials to defame modi govt.Pl order investigation and punish guilty officials   
 Respected sir, I am still travelling in himgiri express (12331) which one has departed on 24 sep 2017 at 0200 hrs from howrah. This train is running late by 15 hours.I had not got confirm seat. I had been rac, b1, 39.The ticket collector of this train has not yet cleared the rac seats of mine and my co passenger. Ticket collector has alloted the vacant seats to some other passengers who were traveling either with general tickets or waiting listed because of some monetary benefits. Just like b1 64 has been given to someone because of tte money making. This is really injustice to me and other co passengers. Even the tte does not understand about humanity that the train is running late by 15 hours and the passengers are in difficulty.Today our government of india is taking about change or making of new india.I should say transformation of india to new india cannot be done if this type of corrupt officials of indian railways are present in our society. It is therefore requested that necessary disciplinary actions be taken against tte.Yours faithfullySidharth priyadarshiPnr [protected]   
 I booked a tatkal ticket in lokshakti express train no. 22928 dated 26/09/2017 for which i was charged 410 rs. Whose base fare is 260 rs, reservation charge is 20 rs., superfast charge is 30 rs. And tatkal charge is 100 rs. Whereas in general quota base fare is 160 rs., reservation charge is 20 rs., and superfast charge is 30 rs. Which amounts to 210 rupees total.So why am i charged 100 rs extra as base fare in tatkal?   
 As per the railway notification, senior citizens have to get their aadhaar status verified. I have tried it several times and also complained 2-3 times at the relevant e-mail id and got complaint ticket id (Latest) as [irctc #5665082]The desired verification (In respect of my wife savitri asawa) has not yet been completed as can be seen from the following master list:S. No.	Name	gender	berth preference	food preference	senior citizen concession	date of birth	id card type	id card no.	Aadhaar status	select1	asawa girdhari lal	male	lb	veg	srctzn	28-sep-1945	aadhaar id	391376437586	verified	 2	savitri asawa	female	lb	veg	srctnw	28-sep-1950	aadhaar id	883465781360	not verified	 Please get the needful done soon.   
 Dear irctc team, I request you to please check, tdr request as train was more than 6 hours late at agra fort station on 15 sept 2017 and after waiting for 4 hours i have filled tdr request as i have not travelled in that train. Stipulated time limit of 2 hour applies when train is on time. Since after 2 hours at 1:30pm from its scheduled departure time of 11:35 its shows only 2 hours delay that could we have travelled but wen its shows for more 6 hours delay i can't travel and file tdr. I request to please check history of train timing on that day, consider my request for refund on expection. Or forward this to senior escalation team. Its just not matter of refund its high level of inconvenience cost due share negligence will report to consumer forum as well.I have attached screenshot of my tdrRegardsVirendra singhPnr : [protected]Irctc reply *dear customer, * The tdr filed against pnr number [protected] with reason train late More than three hours and passenger not travelled. Has been Repudiated by system as per the indian railways refund rules https://www.services.irctc.co.in/betaDoc/Amendments_RefundRules_2406.pdf Reason for repudiation/rejection: null. Please note that the decision about the amount of refund or Rejection of claim is taken by system as per extant refund rules Of indian railways and not by irctc. The status is also available online and found under tdr history. For any assistance please contact our customer care call centre or Mail to care@irctc.co.in. This is an auto generated mail. Please do not reply. —  *with regards,  Customer care, irctc   
 Hello sir, i am a regular traveler between delhi to azamgarh route with train no. 12225/12226. This train is marked by indian railway as super fast and we are paying super fast charges for it.Beside that it is always getting late. Few time my exam is also left. Railway employees are getting paid for train late as overtime but as a passenger we have to lost our time and exams.Few time train are stopped on unknown station where there is no stoppage. Also, there could be chances that railways/train person delaying train due to overtime charges.So, i want some action on it and if train are getting late from respective time schedule then either railways employees should not paid for overtime or passengers must get its penalty.Thanks   
 Train no 12331 & 12332 is running continously late. We are very much depended on this train and tommorow we have a ticket to jammu tawi pnr no [protected] as i am track this train 12332 is running 6 hr late and i also know that tommorow it is going to be late from hwh (12331) so i request to kindly see in this matter and take some action to make it right time   
 (1) there is no special arrangement for over 75 years old handicap persons.  (2) there is only one room allocate for 3 persons, 4 persons and same room for 6 persons.  (3) gujarati cooking staff/catering must required. (4) there is no punctuality in time. We were grudgingly stay at puna railway station from 1:00 am to 3:30 am in some bad condition. (5) transportation has very poor quality. When we were travelling in bus, rain was following in the bus.  (6) all over we are not happy with over all performance.  (7) tourist has many problems regarding services.Hiralal n. Vadher M: +91-[protected]Email: garvilvadher72925@gmail.comTour conformation number: [protected]Transaction id: [protected]   
 Sir, Mobile charging point of coach number s11, birth number 12, train number 12296 is not working. My pnr number is [protected]. Date of journey is[protected]. We crossed katni station nearly 30 minutes before. We are facing problems to charge our mobile. For this we are wondering here and there. Please send the maintenance team as soon as it is possible.Thanks   
 I have been travelling on 24th sept 2017 night boarding from howrah to patna. My bag which contain expensive things including laptop, camera have been stolen in lakhisarai station. Please do something urgently as it has some very valuable things of mine i urgently need. Please sir resolve this as soon as possible as it will affect my job. The laptop has all the elements and confidential details.   
 What's wrong with indian railways? There is nothing called value of time!!! I am boarding a so called "special" train (Hwh bnc sf spl / 06532) from howrah station which is suppose to take me to bengaluru, departing at 1:00 a. M. It's 1:40 a. M. Right now and i'm already sweating. As already the humidity today in kolkata is so high and they have kept the a/c and fan everything shut!!! On top of that the train is late. They say there is a technician who'll arrive (God knows when). The sad part is there are patients who travel to the south in order to get themselves treated and this is what they get in return. High payment for a. C. Coach and poor us we get such a great and timely service (Sarcasm though) i kindly request you to take the note and fix the problem as soon as possible! Value "us", value "time"!! It's we because of whom you are getting all your revenues and this is how you treat us??? This is one of the reason we'll never be a successful country!!!   
 Sir  I am satish kushwaha travillaing in 14163 sangam exp on 23 sep from kanpur central to tundla jn for appear in up pcs exam but train late more thsn 07 hrs to reach tundla jn due to this i loss a chance to appear in up pcs exam.Sir i want to know the reasion why train late so much time in a short distance.Train take more than one hrs in firozabad stn, in the view of above i requested to check the matter why train become so much late for help us and regard me.   
 Pnr no. [protected] from ghy to ndls in train no. 12423 rajdhani express on 24/09/2017 through railway counter naharlagun, arunachal pradesh but the status of bearth transferred to abadh assam 15909 on 25/09/2017 without any prior information and however, i have not opted any vikalp option while booking. I have to get down with my family at new bongaigaon station.   
 Was shocked to know that there was no track for wheel chair on tracks at valsad station in gujarat. We alighted on platform no 2 but my father couldn't climb stairs we had to get wheel chair from platform number one... Which was lifted on shoulders of four people to cross tracks.. Amazing the thing which costs almost nothing was also missing thereRailway can at least make road type crossings or something else for disabled or old people   
 Dear sir, Tc asking money. My ticket is conform, mere pass id card bhi hai maine mere saath 4 ticket nikala tha baki log ke pass id proof nahi hai isliye tc bolta hai 200 hundred do muje. Date 23/09/2017 mumbai to lucknow ki trean hai. Mumbai se nashik tak parishan kiya muje ye s11 me seat no 72 67, 69, 66 hai pantry me lake gaya muje or boola paise do please ye tc aap ko pata hoga use karbhai karo.   
 I travel lludhiana to rohtak my pnr [protected] on dated 23/09/2017 i very surprised when i received evening tea kit which provides tea snaks samosa in a lokel empty envelop derty types. When i opened i surprised, which added potato not clean outer layer also added on it i take a picks also. Let me know Indian railway food section what's types of given service in shatabadi express Same time i call to service providers But your executive provide me snaks Eg samosa is totally inhigine with out clean along with layer present I take a photo also I pay rs 250/ for the same Its for your kind notice If any one involving take action against him Dr surinder wadhwa Rohtak [protected]   
 SirI am now travelling by train no. 22634 nizamuddin tvc express. Yesterday night at about 2.30 am when we were travelling between bharatpur jn and saway madhopur, i and my friend midhun lost our mobiles along with six other passengers. Kindly take immediate action. The mobile numbers are [protected] under my name and [protected] under the name of nikhil k p. I am returning home by the train and has left vadodara station gujarat. One more fellow passenger's mobile (Amal shankar-[protected]. Pnr no.[protected]). Our pnr no. S are [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected] (Two faculty and 38 students). Our ttr had not come and no rpf personal has come till now in our compartments (S4 and s3). We contacted railway helpline and got direction to file a complaint at rpf kannur station. But it will be late we think. We will provide more information if required. Our faculty's contacts are given below.Sailesh. R apme, gce kannur -[protected].Shaji k c, trade instructor - [protected], [protected].Hoping for prompt action.Midhun mohanS7 meGce kannurParassinikkadavu poKannur 670563.   
 I have reserved train from cbe to daund on sep 23 train number 11014. Train departure time as per schedule 8.45 am but the train delayed up to 5.30 pm with different reasons. Railway department didn't notify to passengers. Old age peoples, kids and most of passengers suffered for a full day with out food, accommodation etc.Kindly address this and make sure that railways is for the people.   
 On 22/09 i was traveling by 12321 mumbai mail from hwh to gaya.in dhanbad station when train start a unknown person who was wondering without ticket in coach s9 infront of tt and rpf snached my wife purse where she has a gold jewelry of rs.30000 a mobile of 7000 and a pan card debit card passbook of arpana kumari central bank and a bank of india. More than 10 people was wondering but tt and police taking only 100rs. Each and left them. One of them did it in dhanbad. I lost my about 50000 rs.in all. Plz help me s9 seat no 72.   
 I had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no. [protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (More than 1 month) parcel had not been delivered., and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. And parcel is missing. No information from gwalior or shahdol... Plz help   
 Rsp sir  My pnr no [protected] alipurduar (Noq) to guwahati doj20 09.2017.Train name saraighat express. Departure time is 04.35 am. When i ask enquiry staff about this train status. Enq staff reply no message received from control room. After an hour when i ask enq staff they replied sir train is diverted to gopalanj stn new alipur stn will not touch. It is nothing but a mental torture to passenger. There is no announcement regarding diversion of train. When i ask drm over mobile he was answer less. Railway services detonating day by day. We are expecting railway services will improve today or tomorrow. But personally i fell this type of irresponsible staff will causes public harassment & public will face no of accident. Rgds alok dasgupta. Alokpgd@gmail.com. [protected] baroda gujarat   
 We booked ticket on 16th june 2017 for traveling from jaipur to allahabad on date of journey 23th june 2017 in the train no. 12404/ jp ald express. The train was cancelled for entire journey on the said journey (23.6.2017) might be due to farmers' agitation as displayed and announced at jaipur jn. The station master informed us that the amount of ticket will be refunded (Credited) in our account as ticket was booked through irctc e-ticketing. We are sorry to inform you that we have not received the refund amount till date. The irctc is saying that they don't have any official information from jaipur railway about the cancellation of train 12404 dated on 23/6/2017. It is surprising that the cancellation of train has not been endorsed to irctc and consumers are unable to get money refunded. It seems like a cheating. Kindly order to probe the matter and instruct the person concern to inform about the cancellation of the said train to irctc.The description of the ticket is as follows:Transaction id : [protected] pnr no. [protected] train 12404Date of journey and boarding: 23/6/2017 class: second ac ticket type: e-ticketNo. Of passenger: four amount of ticket: rs 6360.0Kindly look the matter so we can get our hard earned money back..Prof. (Dr.) veeru prakashM. Sc. (Ag. Biochem.); m. Tech. (Biotech.);d. Phil.; f. I. S. A. B.Associate dean (Administration), jibb, shuatsNodal officer, edc, shuats, allahabad+91 [protected]   
 Nirmal biswas							 shakti nagar co-op hsg soct. Iras							5th floor, building no.28, 								Dahisar (E), mumbai 4-00068								Dated 23/9/2017, The chief managerState bank of indiaCentralised pension processing centre, 5th floor, premises no. T 651 t751, itc belapur, belapur rly station complex, Navi mumbai-400601Dear sir/ madam, 		Sub: 7th cpc revised ppo (Pre 2016)		Ref: f. A &cao; (Pension) w. Rlys letter no nil dt 4/8/2017, 		 Old ppo nowr/1018/155028, new ppo no.20137080100001			Branch ifsc no. Sbin0004283, branch pbb churchgate,  Account no. 20134209808Your kind attention is drawn to above referred letter wherein you were instructed to Pay me arrears of pension as well as draw my new pension as under New pension from 01/01/2016 rs 78800.Although three months have elapsed since then, but i am still paid pension at old rate.Kindly look in to the matter and start my pension at new rate and also pay my arrears due.Yours sincerely,  (Nirmal biswas)   
 15960 down kamrup exp Grpf officers pulled all the passengers down who are quite normal after that i was quite happy a bit for few minutes next that of grpf officers took money from public and allow them to enter again on handicap compartment And the compartment is fully packed like a general compartment I am the only handicap in this compartment and 3 of senior citizens are in trouble to be sorted We are in pain plz help us Public says we are here by providing money if you are uncomfortable you may get lost we can't afford place for you   
 My friend are trawelling to katra shri mata vaishnodevi from meghnagar station.Pnr no.:- [protected]There is no water in wash basinThere is no charging point for every seat, no botel stand and no table for daining for every seat.Its long route sir almost 30 hours how can they manage very bad and poor service by railway.Mata ke bhkto ke sath aesa behave very badPls help [protected]   
 I vipin k mishra, booked ticket from suvidha expree{mumbai cst to cheoki} for 22 september, 2017. I got 2 lower confirm birth under coach s 8. On 21 september, 2017, i got message that coach s8 cancelled and today on 22 september, i got again message that my revised birth on s5 qnd that is also rac. I paid 3850 rs for sleepers and even a after confirm, its being revised and make it rac in suvidha express... Is this suvidha in modi government... Its cheat and fraud... And totally unsuvidha   
 Dear sir/mam, I am travelling from amritsar to mumbai. When our train reached to kota jn, we purchased some milk products and mineral water from saras milk parlour m/s baghwati singh chouhan, but shocking we came to know that he is charging extra money for all products with retail price inclusive of all taxes. If railway authority is allowing them to open their shops at platform. Why they couldn't able to control extra rates they are taking from each customer. Please do the needful and control this kind of wrong practices.   
 Very poor cleanliness in rajkot railway station which also smelling badly and chances of bacteria spreading is very high due to that people will get affected, photo proof taken on 21-09-2017. Even though chagres collected from public including cleaning activities it was not done properly.We are really sad in country we speaking about swatch bharath but not following it.   
 I have booked my parcel no-251705 (Toy car for my child) from calicut to itarsi on 28-08-2017. After several followups till date parcel has not arrived. The parcel officer at itarsi station told me that it will arrive after two days. Still now not arrived. He gave me his mobile number, but he is not lifting my calls. He told me that the parcel has went to delhi. To whom i should contact for the details. I am not able to track it on online.Please help me in this regard.   
 I was travelling from sri ganganagar to delhi by 12456 train reached in time at shakurbasti station and schedule arrlival was 7.20 am in morning. From shakarpur train took 1hr 45 minutes to reach sarairohila which is just 6.8 km.Moreover the online status was showing that train reached on time I had to attend an important meeting and i have been issued an explanation callInfact all passangers were telling that its normal practice. This is the status of your superfast train.My pnr no. :[protected] train no. / name : 12456 / bkn dee sf expDate of booking : 18-sep-2017class : second acquota : general Date of journey : 20-sep-2017from : sgnrto : deeBoarding at : sgnrdate of boarding : 20-sep-2017 reservation up to :dee   
 Dear concern, I vinnu sidhana had booked one ticket from pathankot to allahabad dated on[protected] in waiting list but seven days back its showing rac status. But from yesterday its again showing waiting list. Kindly check that what is the issue behind it. My pnr is[protected]. And i am very much sure that my rac converted to waiting list. How come its again change the status to waiting from rac.RgdsVinnu sidhana[protected]   
 Hi sir/madam,  I am sarika. I have booked online ticket on 10/9/2017 but my ticket was waiting list so ticket will cancelled. I get a message your cancellation refund on 3days, but still more than week i didnot get money. This my transaction id : 	[protected]	pnr no. :	[protected]	train no. / name : 	12791 / sc dnr express. So please refund money as well soon. Than you sir/madam.   
 Dear sir, On behalf of the hundreds of daily commuters i, debjyoti mukherjee, would like to bring to your kind attention to the fact that running of all the local trains especially in after 7 pm stating from howrah on main line (Specially tarakeswar local) has become habitually irregular. I would, therefore, request you to look into the matter personally and take remedial measures to enforce timely running of local trains so that the daily commuters of this place have not to face any inconvenience in future   
 Pnr no. [protected], 2s from pnbe to jsme by train no. 12024, patna hwh janshatabdi express. Get reservation for 03/10/2017, seat allotted is dr1/90. Whereas, in dr1 and dr2 seats available are upto 82 only. It is a consistent problem. Complaint regarding this has been made earlier also but no corrective measure has been taken till now. Change the seat presently and take care for future.It is a permanent problem and create a lot of uncomfortability during journey especially with family. Is railway have no solution to incorporate exact seat allotment with variable nos.in different coach?   
 Dear sir and madam. My self ajay sethi. R8 now i am the passenger of 12849. Bhubaneswar exp. My seat no s7 55 rac. This train pentry car person is miss behaving and. They are selling wine liquids in n8 time in this train. So many people disturbing for this so kindly take action about this matter. Yours fathfull indianMob-[protected]   
 Was travelling on 5th of august '17 from new delhi to lucknow via farraka express train no 13414 coach a1, seat no 17.The train started at 10 :00 pm and in 2nd ac coach all tea, water food vendors were coming inside to sell. I objected that in 2 ac this is not allowed to the coach attendant but it was unheard. I slept and kept my handbag and laptop bag beside me. But early morning before reaching lucknow i found my handbag was missing.It had cash, mobile phone, id cards, bank cards. (Loss of 30000 to 40000)I called the attendent and tt who were clue less that any one had come inside and stolen.in fact a south indian lady infront of my seat said that early morning at 5 :00 am a man came and was searching near every one seat when she asked he said i am the "coach attendant". She considering his words did not paid much of importance that he might be there for theft. I believe the theft is done around that time between ethwah and kanpur.Fir is lodged in lucknow which is transferred to etwah grp.Fir no 0412/ 2017 u/s 380 ipc.Its been more than one month but nothing has been found, infact after 5 days my cards were found on kanpur platform and i asked to check cctv footage to see who threw it but nothing done.I am frequent traveller but its so disappointing to see that in 2 ac coach also passenger is not safe. What is the duty of tt and attendent that they cant stop people from comong inside or rather i feel they are part of these theft, I want recovery of my loss from railways and also need to know what is happening in my case.My mail id is n. Verma1109@gmail.comThanks Neha verma   
 Today, i came to howrah station by down antyodaya exp, which arrived on platform no 23 (New complex). Including me, there were many people who planned to catch up 13021 mithila exp (From the old complex) for further journey. There was only one foot over bridge for communicating between new to old complex which is very narrow and not enough to handle such amount of passengers. Sometimes we have to wait for fifteen to twenty munites which leads to train missing. But there was another way to go from new to the old complex via goods yeard (Through sainik armagh) which is enough wide and short distance. Sometimes there are no restrictions for common people, but sometimes rpf does not allow people to use the way by excusing of a restricted area and misbehave with people. Usually, to when we come to this way, rpf doesn't allow us. Then we requested to them that we only have one minute to catch our train but they didn't allow us and misbehave with us. As the result, we all miss our train which caused a big trouble for us. Where they allow dealy passengers easily to go by the way. We want to know why there is no transparent rule for that? And i appeal to the railway board to allow everyone to use the way till a wide way has not constructed. And my suggestion to the rpf, be polite with the passengers.   
 13006 amritsar mail schedule dep. On 19.09.17 actually departed from amritsar after 12 hours i. E. On 20.09.17 after 6am. The same train departed from howrah on 17th 12 hour late and reached amritsar 12hr late. This series of train both in up n down makes 12hr late for last two weeks. Why not make arrangements to run one spare train at schedule right time from both sides i. E. Howrah and amritsar immediately to break the chain of inordinate delay.   
 Dear sir,  I am a middle class person. My name vikas dixit now i am traveling from chennai to mangalore by mangalore mail (Coach no. S9).Sir already 1 hour over still no one tc came to my coach to check my ticket. Some other localities person sitting in my seat. I paid money for reservation of my seat but i am helpless. Kindle help me out.   
 I, shantilal satra from mumbai, booked tatkal tickets from bhachau to borivali for my parents, 75 and 72 years old. But i got both upper birth for them, as i clearly mention lower birth. Railway have to understand that, in this age my parents not able to use that upper births. So kindly request to do the needful as earliest.Regards, Shantilal satra [protected]   
 My steel box containig house hold goods from ahmednagar to babina booked vide booking luggage ticket no a816367 dt 24 aug 17. The same has not been received from babina station till date. I am not getting any satisfactory reply from babinastation authorities. Needful action isrequested for early delivaryVinod pvMob no 07560963958, 07066232948   
 It has been observed that since last one year and so in almost alll trains sleeper class is always occupied by unauthorised person who are not having reservation but occupying other persons berth and using toilets etc. It is disgusting now a days to travel by sleeper class which was not so in the recent past. The railway tte and railway police are probably hand in gloves and minting money helping this nefarious activity in allowing to board unauthorised persons onboard sleeper class.   
 I take a ticke for my father from patna to delhi. Train has not come according to time schedule whose timmimg schedule and ticket in show in pic.Train patna to delhi reach in time 11.50 am date 19-09-2017 in ticket.I take a ticket 17.30 pm delhi to jodhpurBut train is not come in (Patna to delhi train) delhi. Both train timming schedule gap is more than 4 hours my father saying me i have reached in average 18.30 pm in delhi stationThose region my ticket is useless so what will i do   
 With subject to above, it is to say that myself rajnish mishra, residing at chachai, anuppur, was to travel to new delhi from katni railway station on 16/09/2017 by train jabalpur nizamuddin superfast express (Train no.22181) and hence was waiting for train at 1st class waiting room of katni railway station an there i had put my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router (Containg a jio sim no. [protected]) at the charging point lying on the right hand on just entering to the 1st class waiting room of katni railway station. 	But as the train came on platform for which i was waiting for, i got into the train by forgetting about my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router along with its charger which i remembered about on leaving of the train from platform. Thenafter i sent one knowing person also after about two hours of leaving of the train to search for the jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router but he didn’t find the same at that place where i had applied my device for charging and hence i lost my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router alongwith sim no.[protected] and its charger. On dated 16/09/17, i had also filed a complaint of loss on twitter but found no action therefrom, the screenshot of the complaint filed is attached herewith. The copy of ticket (Pnr-[protected]) through which i was travelling on 16/09/17 to new delhiHence if the rpf, katni has found the device then it may please be intimated to me on following details:	Name: rajnish mishra.	Mob no: [protected]Address: nc 147, atps, mppgcl, chachai, anuppur - 484220. M. P. (Rajnish mishra)Mob no.[protected]   
 Dear sir, While travelling in una himachal express (14555) from hapur to delhi in ac 2 tier on 19 sept. 017 In and some other passenger were also standing at the coach gate as the old delhi railway station was about to arrive.Then suddenly an unidentified person came near the mall warehouse, he swooped on my pocket and ran away with my money from around 16, 000 to 17000 and other required papers. He made a lot of noise but because of the night he ran away. Tt after landing the train he got acquainted with the all the incident but he did not say anything to me, he said, now he will do it. I told you to give me any paper and write your own complaint, r. P. F. And g. R. P. I will give it to you. But no one has taken my compliance and no one helped me. Sar i am a senior citizen person, this incident has hurt me very much.in which i am very scared. I requesting you to do proper action in the said subject. You will be very crappy.Jamaluddin saifi09599316795Train no.: 14555Name: - himachal expressTime: - 10:30   
 Dear sir, I am calling in your customer care number since one week but no one is responding my call. I called in those number which was given by your website.So please tell me in which number i should call and will get respond from you.I would like to know about the train number 12436 in which date it will start running. Please tell me about itYour reply will be highly appreciated   
 I am a frequent traveller between rasipuram and tirunelveli comoning under southern railway, [ rasipuram (Rasp) falls under salem zone]. I used to travel through train no.:17235, which arrives at raspat 22.45 hrs and leaves at 22.46 hrs (Scheduled time)The problem is the doors for all the reserved compartments are invariably locked inside. The reason given by the conductors is safety of passengers luggage during night hours. Good reason and acceptablr. But how the passengers waiting for the train to get in.? No answer from them.The ttes knows from the chart they have, which are all the compartment the passengers are due to entrain, and keep the doors of those compartment open at the arriving time. The halting duration is just one minuite and with in this short period the passenger with their luggae has to get in. The condition of aged people is still worst. I feel the ttes are the man problem of this complaint.Kindlly ensure a system for the waiting passengers to comfortably get in to the tarin.P. ParamasivanRasipuram  
 Dear sir, With due respect, i pooja singh was booked ticket dated on 11/09/2017 from haridwar to varanasi and train no.12370 with transaction id. 100000972956535 and tansaction id 100000972956554 failed and amount rs. 425 and rs. 425 debited from my sbi and canara bank a/c still not credited. Kindly consider my queries and refund my amount as soon as possible. Thanking you   
 Your reply against my complaint is not satisfactory. When a train is running continuously late. It should be examined by the officer responsible for this. It should be checked from the office record. Should l give you day to day statement of the train no.14853, 14863 and 14865? You should get it from your office. Please do not ignore and neglect my complaint by saying it is bit short.   
 Sir my name is shakti shah and i am in godan exp no 11056 in coach b1 at seat no 59. Train just started from its originating station gorakhpur and still toilet is not clean. Why it so. If someone complain, it should be in between bt i have to complain from bigning place it is very bad. I know when i will complain then someone would come and clean it bt why it is so.   
 I am engineering student studying at chennai. I boarded a train from visakhapatnam on 18th september 2017 in howrah - mas mail sf express (12839) in a 2 tier ac coach. I thought my journey would be peaceful until i discovered bed bugs crawling on curtains and lying inside carpets. I had no sleep at all that night and when i came to complain about this to the cleaner and carpet man they refused to respond and instead they were asking for money, they also even refused to tell where the ticket collector was, they were not all bothered that too in a 2 tier ac coach. Irctc charged me rs 2065 for payment of ticket and i was happy at beginning that i was going to board 2 tier ac for the first time. I sincerely request you to take immediate action on this, i would also like to have a refund. The impact of bed bugs had a disastrous effect such that i couldn't attend the exam on that day also i was unable to travel in this train due to sudden jerks and worst maintenance. This is the worst journey ever in my life.Details are as follows:Pnr no: [protected]Transaction id: [protected]Date of booking :	16-sep-2017	class :	second ac	quota :	tatkalDate of journey :	18-sep-2017	from :	vskp	to :	masBoarding at :	vskp	date of boarding :	18-sep-2017	reservation up to :	masScheduled departure :	14:10 hrs Regards M komal krishna   
 Train no 12323 (Hwh anvt express) after leaving mugal sarai running very slowly & stooped several times. After leaving allahabad also train is running very slowing & continued stopping in several places. Train is late around two & half hours. The reason is unknown to me. Please look into the matter immediately so that the passenger can reach anvt in schedule time.Regards, Balkishan   
 Dear Sir One bundle of herbal soap weighing 35 kgs was booked to Viskhapatnam on 28 Nov 2017. On 01 Dec 2017 it was known that item was not delivered at vishakhapatnam instead it was delivered at Patna. RR No Of the parcel is 271211. It is requested that parcel may be tracked at the earliest and delivered at Vishakapatnam. Regards Arumughan P   
 Sir  I am ajay babu. I am working in indian air force. Due to fracture in my left hand i was going sick leave on 4th dec17. At 1900hr i have reached in the jodhur jn railway station. After that i have traveled in 12308 (S1/46) ju hawh sup exp from jodhpur to kanpur. Sir, in between that time i have lost my arm force identy card. Sir please help regarding lost id card. My phone no.[protected] /[protected].   
 I, t. C. Gupta, board jammu mail (14034) from katra on 22-11-17 and lost my apple ipod some whare (At night) in between pathankot to delhi (Subzi mandi). I was on birth no. 30 and we have other 5 births (36, 38 + 3 more) in coach no a-3 (2nd ac) of said jammu mail. My ipod may have sliped from by jacket on my seat. If any body found that please send/contact at [protected],[protected],[protected]Off.)The said ipod have my yahoo mail-box on that and may be reached to me from there.ThanksT. C. Gupta[protected] (Keshav puram, delhi-110035)   
 Dear sir, please noted that the ticketless travel is very common in metro city like mumbai. I remember few years back tc raided few platforms in mumbai and they collected 13 crs.in few days. It is possible to have similar drive in mumbai. The problem is law abiding people have to bear the cost of ticket less travellers. Above all, where all the tc disappear, i have not seen a single tc in past 3 months. Are they paid for doing nothing, then why to hire them. The conditions are so pathetic that people has lost the faith in the adminstration. Can you please look into the same.   
 I am at amethi railway station right now. No any train is here till 5.00 am. When i ask for retiring room. Station master told that it’s key is not with me. When tte will come at morning he will provide you. All other rooms are locked. Only station master room is open.I don’t know what the hell is this. He is not attending the passengers. Although he is dealing very politely. But i don’t know about the excuses.   
 Right now my self and my wife traveling to ambala cantt fro raipur. We both are senior citizen but while on line booking we opted for lower bearth but we were allotted both upper bearth. My wife is unable to climb upper bearth. As one upper bearth will remain vacant and she has to on floor 2ac.We requested to coach conductor but all in vein. Money wasted and lot of stress and inconvenience. Please do the needful   
 Since the rayalaseema train has been changed. Its causing inconvienience for the students and employees as hubli express departs early and no where we have a train in accordence to our timings and we ought to waot for 1.5 hrs. I request you to allot an other train for replacement of rayaleema, atleast for a short distance or atleast make begumpet as a stop for gulbarga express in evenings.Waiting for a positive response.Thank you.   
 Sir, i cancelled my e ticket pnr [protected] on 15/10/2017, train no 14321 ajmer to gandhidham ac 3tier b4 25 due to delay of train by 13 hrs but my amount not yet refunded. I sent several mails to irctc and indian railways. A complaint no. W/nw/aii/[protected] received from indian railways but on tracking my status shows no complaints found. Kindly do needful.   
 Please to notice that today my journey in double duccker train from visakhapatnam to tadepalligudem... I found some issues... Maximum seats are empty... Why r u recognise... That is all seats are available by reservation only is it possible to book... Please better to make it and allow it as direct general. Counter booking... Then only it should be perfect for every one and also u will be get more successful in occupancy ratio...   
 Indore is a metropolitan city.Despite this there is very little connectivity with major cities.There is only 1 good train from indore to delhi (12415 indb-dee express). Inspite of the fact that there is always long waiting list why the railway department does not ply additional train? Can't a shatabdi like bhopal shatabdi start from indore?There are trains to major destinations like hyderabad, banglore, howrah, chennai, jammu, chandigarh, dehradun etc from indore but the trains are soo # that they take more than average hours to reach their destination and also are not daily. There is single track from indore to ujjain still. Indore to bhopal train is there but it stops at many intermediate stations. Because of railways negligent attitude, indore bhopal double decker got off track. Why would a person pay more money and time for the journey from indore to bhopal. Private operators are taking advantage of this. There is good bus connectivity of buses from indore to bhopal.Please improve the condition of railways at indore.There is no escalator at indore station. The foot over bridge is very narrow. At least the basic things should be like a city.   
 Dear sir i booked my bike self book on 30/11/2017 fm jabalpur to mariani jn.My pnr no 842-1428468, &660-7618633. My bike number is wb-20 s-1034My booking slip no is 135275. When i reached destination my bike was not delivered and it is not in parcel wagon I facing inconvenience for not delivering my bike.. Before booking through i approached safe express.. They told it take 01 week for same bike and amount is same but i think through self booking i will get bike as early... But railway also failed...   
 Dear sir/madamComplaint regarding item lost/ stolen during travel on 03 december 2017- pnr [protected] train no 12853With reference to the captioned details, my parents were travelling from raipur junction to katni via amarkantak express, details of which are already mentioned in the subject.When they got down my mother either forgot her spectacles in the train or probably it might have been stolen.We even send our relative at bhopal station to check if its there but all in vain.We request you to kindly check with the fellow passengers and your staff members, for they might have mistakenly kept it, or in order to return it to us they might have kept it safe with them.Request you to kindly resolve this issue asap, as the spects are of dire need of everyday life and its getting difficult for my mother to see anything without them.Thanks, Pavneet kaur dhillonDhillondevendersingh@yahoo.com   
 Sir,  It is to inform you that i had booked 3 items from howrah to deliver the items to bhadoi u. P vide prr no./pwb no. [protected] dt. 02.11.17. Out of three items one item i. E two wheeler motor cycle was delivered. Although more than a month has past, the rest two items i. E almirah and bycycle 40 kg has still not been delivered. Thus you are humbly requested to take up the matter, so that immediate delivery may be assured for the same please.Thanking youM k guptaMob. No [protected]   
 As on 3rd dec 2017 at 2:30 pm. I was at old delhi rly station main prs booking counter. There was very big queue. I was told at counter to give me ticket for bhiwani but she had given me ticket for rewari. When i told her, i was asked ticket for bhiwani she denied to return back ticket. And talked rowdily.Please talke action on her. I have taken her picture. I dont know her name. Perhaps her name is rachna so pl find out her name and take action on her.   
 Dear sir,...This is mr. G ramabbhupal reddy regular passenger from kachiguda to dhone, i am traveling in every friday, general box in any express train with ticket, but trains rich now mahaboob nagar and gadwala so many people coming to general box journey up to gooty with out ticket (Every train minimum 250 people)Loss on railway please put on tc please avoid this type of negligence Example,,,,,,,,, Each ticket value is — 115Total passenger — 250Total number of trains — 05 115*250*05Total loss in railway — 1, 43, 700/- (Per week) Total loss in railway per month - — 5, 75, 000Total loss of year — 69, 00, 000/- (Lacs)One tc salary for year — 5, 00.000/- Please put on tc from mahaboob nagar (Mbnr) to gooty (Gy)Thank-you Your passenger   
 Train no 02822 is more than four ours late. I planned my journey according to estimated time given on irctc web portal. My pnr is [protected]. My next journey from pune to solapur shatabdi express has been missed. I lost my money, more over my time. I planned journey with grace period of three hours but ir crossed that limit too. My pregnant wife is supposed to go to her family in time. It's more than 22 hours we have started our journey and didn't seem to reach our home for next 8 hours. I expect ir will take interest in being punctual.   
 Dear sir i have booked my bike mp 17 ma 4001 dated 30 nov 17, prr no [protected] from raipur to satna. I have enquired at satna (M. P) railway parce office they refused that same have delivered they also have said that they have not sufficient staff so that parcel recieve at regular basis. Today i have got message that your parcel unloaded at durg station. This is very painful for me. Kindly request to you sir please do needful action for same so that my bike receive to me at satna (Mp).   
 Sie, My train, train no. 20814 which was scheduled to departure at 14:00pm departed at 17:00pm. It is running very late then also it is stopping at outer and small station which are not covered usually. Moreover the train is very dirty, no staff has visited for cleaning since 24hrs, no water on taps. We are sitting in b3 coachKindly solve the issue   
 This is worst in my journey. All my bags have been chew by rats in the coach. My bags are damaged and moreover cloths and other precious items are totally lost. Such kind of negligence is not accepted at all. There need to a pest control in railway. We lost our bags and materials.. This negligence is not at all accepted and we seek claim to settle our damages. The pictures are enclosed here with. Looking to hear you soon regards pd mittal [protected]   
 Train no 15630 guwahati express is 9 hour late on 01 dec 17. This was very difficult to our passengers. We are waiting too much in vizag station. Our next train i ms mangalore express today night 2315. We can't catch the train because of late scheduled of guwahati express, please take necessary action. Lots of public suffering this train schedule. So please take necessary action sir   
 I sobhana devi m have boarded kerala s kranti eexpres no 12217 from kozhikode to panvel on 2dec 2017 along wirh my son in law and my pnr no is [protected]-. After passing madgoan station i found that my hand bag had been stolen. I have lost cash of around rs.8000, my mobile (Mob no [protected]) model samsung with active sim card. Also i have lost all my valuable documents viz pan card aadhar card voters i'd card as the above documents were kept inside my handbag.Apart from the above i have lost my bank locker keys and the keys of my almirah. Do the needful for finding out the lost handbag   
 22692 rajdhani expres train is not halting in guntakal railway junction. This jn is no.1 railway staton in andhra pradesh. Every one is shocking for 22692 rajdhani train is not halting in guntakal jn. So, give official stoppage of 22692 rajdhani train in guntakal raiway juncton. So, we can easily make reservatons and also transportatons of goods from nzm to gtl jn and also gtl jn to sbc.   
 Respected sir/madam,, i was traveling from secunderabad to buxar since yesterday ie 30 th november to 01 december in 3ac ad rac passenger, my pnr was [protected],, coach attendent did not provided me bedding,, when i shown him the latest circular about issue of bedding to rac passengers in 3ac,, he denied,,.. I have paid entire fare with bedding... Here i want to lodge a complaint and want 5000.00 rs compensation from railway to harass me...   
 I have booked a journey with pnr no. [protected] train no – 07092 from darbhanga (Dbg) to secunderabad (Sc) for my father, mother and my 2.5 year son. When they arrived on source station (Dbg) there was an announcement that the train is diverted from darbhanga (Dbg) to samastipur jn (Spj) station which is 75kms from darbhanga (Dbg) station. But they didn’t send any message or call with prior intimation. It is difficult for senior citizens to travel with 2.5 yrs kid from one station to another station in last minutes. We spent our money to travel from one station to other station. Who will responsible if they miss the train or if they get into any trouble. We logged a complaint as well in the samastipur jn (Spj) station and the complaint no is 25. We lost money, time and mental tension for senior citizens. So we demand a compensation and a proper explanation from railways.   
 12393 sampoorna kranti express was cancelled on 08/02/2017. Therefore i was forced to apply for cancellation of my ticket pnr no.[protected] through tdr receipt no.304099 (No. 99) dt.20/1/2007 of okhla station for an amount of rs.6500/-However i was provided a refund after deducting rs.950/- as cancellation charges although the tickets were cancelled as the train had been cancelled.The money was credited into my account several months later.The amount of rs.950 deducted incorrectly shall be credited into my account at the earliest.   
 I'm at a loss for words to describe the condition of the mumbai railway local train. The everyday commute is worsening day after day. It's people's precious time and safety we're talking about here. We have witnessed the so called "improvements" the govt has made.in stead of introducing a. C. Trains, why can't the govt better the existing services. Why dream so big when you're aware of were you stand?. It's just ridiculous the way we travel, people pushing and shoving each other and to top it all, delay in trains. You dream of turning india into japan. Why can't you'll make india into a better india. The people of this country are so complacent with everything kyunki sab chalta hai and thats how it works.   
 Train number 14674 which was supposed to be depart by 11.50 am on 1st december '17 from amritsar jn got rescheduled to 4.30 pm and now its almost 6, still its in platform only. I' be to pay the transportation charge towards station twice due to this and moreover who gonna pay for the time we lost on trusting railways. At least an intimation message was enough to plan accordingly in an unknown place. I believe each train departs with lots of preparation and planning. Or is it something like 'get one engine and pull the attached trunk'. Already passengers need to baer the poor quality of cabin and toilets, on top of that these type of unprofessional service. Shame on you.   
 Dear sir,  My name is bhavani shankar. Today i have boarded simhadri train at tadepalli gudem it's scheduled arrival time is 11.30 am but it has arrived in tadepalli gudem at 12.30, and it reached guntur at 5.15pm scheduled arrival to reach guntur is 3.30 it means 2 hours delay. This is not the first time facing delay. Most of the times indian railways are late.   
 Dear sir i have parcel my two wheeler (Scooty) from kathgodam to lucknow of date 27 november 2017. Before yesterday i have been go to lucknow railway station but my scooty not reached at lucknow railway parcel office. I am very disturb for this. I don't know where is my scooty. Railways parcel staff said to me that we will call you.My receipt no. - w 478596Scooty transfer date - 27/11/2017My contact no. -[protected]Please do needful.RegardsSatish bhatt   
 I have booked tickets in 12562 swatantrata senani express. My departure was scheduled at 20:40. But on the same day, at midnight i got a message stating the train has been cancelled due to, and i quote"some unavoidable circumtances". Later on i enquired with the railway helplines regarding the above stated problem and they said that no such train has been cancelled. How irresponsible our indian railways are. The message was from vm-irsmsa. No doubt why indian railways is having a customer rating of 1%.Thankyou!   
 Dear honors, I'm from arunachal pradesh living in the city of guwahati (Assam). On the forth night of 24th nov i was to travel to naharlagun from guwahati station for my state public service compititive exam on 26th nov. So i was bit hurry for a reservation ticket. I came to the station to book an instant ticket as daily. As i entered to book the ticket the ticket officer said that the reservation tickets are given at the opposite counter but here it's only general tickets are given. So i asked the officer and he told me to cross the other side by the last bridge. I thank the officer and walked a cross the bridge to the opposite counter but there a tt call me saying you come here. I said sir i will get a ticket first but he said seeing me hurry it's ok your train is at 9;20 pm ticket i will give you. I didn't agree but tt insisted me saying honestly gentleman. So finally i agreed. As soon as i came to him he hold my hand and told me to follow him. I asked where to? The tt replied to the honorable mans office, i was happy thinking that it's so kind of the tt but... At the end as i entered the room it was an another office where the corrupt tt hunt for their prey. He said pay rs. 320 or you will be jailed or put under penalty of rs 5000. I was scared and asked what for.. He replied because you travel without ticket. I was shocked i claimed i was to book a ticket i told you but you said its find i'll deliver you. So i agreed but now what is this nonsense. He started hitting me to get convinced i refused. Than came a young tt from guwahati station itself demanding me how much money you have. I replied why should i tell you it's my money not yours than called a police to search out my money. I refused and said if you say that i'm guilty i agree to go for imprisonment but i won't pay you a single penny. They tried to make me convinced by threatening me with lati charge and all.. I still kept refusing than finally the older tt who trapped me said ok you pay me rs 320 and i will give you my ticket. He took out a pen and a ticket. Wrote my name and finally forced me. I was feeling unsecured since they were speaking in their tongue finally i paid the amount and they gave me the ticket. But later on when i asked the true ticket officer regarding my ticket here he said i don't know it's yours problem not mine. You have to buy another ticket. So i went back to the early tt to change, to return me my money than he started to scold me saying tum sala tribal kutta.. I told all my case yet he didn't agree and moreover the tickets was a faked, the train was dibrugarh-rangiya which have already arrived from dibrugarh to guwahati. Now how could i travel from a train who already have it's run and where as my train was donyi-polo express 15617.Now sir/mam, i wanna say why do the government servants steal our little money where as every morning the breakfast one govt servant have is a penny from the public. Yet why do they behave like a straving street dog ready to snatch what ever cleaned or dirty food that get focus to their eye. Refer to railway minister of indiaRefer to railway minister of assam   
 Hello, This is in regards to pnr number [protected]. Back in march 2017, i had booked three tickets travelling from varanasi kolkata Ticket was for 9th march 2017.Due to the trains running behind schedule for over 12 hours, i cancelled my reservation and requested for refund and raised a Complain of tdr process prior to departure time. I have been chasing my refund since march 2017 and now 8 months later and At least after 400 follow up phone calls, no update has been provided to me. I am still awaiting to receive my refund. Previously i used to ring kolkata office and overtime they would advise me to ring them few days later and giving me a hard time. In spite of having spoken to them at least 400 time they haven’t yet processed my return and keep making false promises. Now they simply don’t answer my calls. The number which were given to me are [protected] and [protected] but it keeps ringing out.   
 I had reservation on 12th nov. 2017 in hirakund express (18508) from gwalior to bilaspur. As the train came at originating station around 4 hours late, i decided to cancel the journey and duly filed tdr on the same date (12th nov. 2017, 16 : 25 pm)) by mentioning the tdr reason “train got late more than 3 hours, passenger not travelled”. Before filing tdr, i thoroughly studied the latest tdr guidelines & refund rules of indian railways. And filed the tdr strictly according to tdr guidelines & refund rules of indian railways. But to my surprise that on enquiring it from irctc through mail, i came to know that my refund claim has been “repudiated” by indicating the reason “as per chart, passenger has travelled”. This is highly objectionable at my end and i believe that this is “height of corruption” as i didn’t board the train for a single minute. I suspect that the tte who was having duty in that train has marked my both berths s1 (30 & 32) as travelled and allotted my 2 seats to somebody else by illegal taking money from some other passengers.in this connection, i kindly request to look into matter, punish those who are involved in such corruption and ensure refund of rs. 1050/- back to my account, along with compensation. Otherwise, i will be compelled to challenge the matter legally.The details of my journey are given as under :Pnr no. [protected].Transaction id : [protected].Train name : hirakund exp. (18508).Date of journey : 12th nov. 2017.Boarding station : gwalior.Destination station : bilaspur.Tdr reg. No. :[protected].Tdr filing date : 12th nov. 2017 (16 : 25 hrs.).Amount : rs. 1050Coach : s1Berths : 02 (30 and 32)RegardsAshish j. ShrivastavaAsst. ManagerNabard - national bank for agriculture & rural developmentMob. :[protected].Email : ashishnov1984@gmail.com   
 Dear sir, I am following up with irctc for the refund of my money for past one month. They are just fooling... Saying that the request has forwarded to concerned department. I did online payment the details of my booking which got rejected as below:Date 29/10/2017 bct to adi Txn id [protected]Amount rs. 3810/-The said transaction got failed and till date i have not got the refund.I have written 29 mails. The authorities has acknowledged and stated that they will ask for refund. But still no action.Please help.Regards, Vijay kankanwadiM: [protected]   
 I rahul kumar boarded the train 12941 (Parasnath sf express) from vadodara to dhanbad it was schedulded to reach dhanbad at 9:10 am on 30 nov 2017 But the train is continously delaying and stopping around several times whithout any reason it's been around 10hours late causing very serious problem for me as i have to reach dhanbad as soon as possible its an emergency but iam stuck dont know what to do and will not travel any more in indian railway until there. Is very urgent need..   
 Sir/madam with much agony, pain and humiliation i am writing this i boarded from pune where the train was late by more than an hour and when i entered the cabin space had no cooling, after settling when i went to the washroom it had no water and the smell was an indicator that no cleaning guys went near the same. So struck the journey started with a deep sigh of sheer unsatisfactory.In morning when i went to wash my face again no measures have been done to clear the same inspite of me complaining to concerned, forced i went to the 3 rd ac section it was neat and clean.Now the second amazement happens guys comes to take order for food and the order was placed, now when he serves he has served me only 4 chappatis and 1 egg curry when i asked for the other things as per menu he replied this is all and will cost me 100/- so when i asked what about that is printed in ticket he said some in sick some one is wasting food as such they have this only.My humble question to all authorities is that in what word can you please explain this to me, does it mean that you are in train and got no other option I was a common commuter in train and due such type of experiences i am forced to take hectic journeys in bus oflr flight. Even after detailing if you think i am wasting you time then sorry.   
 Dear Sir.I was travelling to Patna from Delhi by SJ Rajdhani Exp. Children were happy to enjoy the travel and food. But as the train stared some unauthorised passangers with WL ticket entered the compartment. I asked about their seats as its a which is fully reserved . They said that TT has said that they will be adjusted within an hour. Time elapsed but they were sitting on my seat and were in no mood to vacate my seat. In the evening one of the unauthorised passanger said that TT has advised him to adjust here only . I said where ?? He answered that your child is small I can adjust with her . I was deeply hurt to here this suggestion . Is this the way to treat the authosided passanger and for some bucks TT is harrasing the passargers . I made the security personel aware about the situation and enquired as to who is the TT to take a decision on my seat ? I asked the passenger to immideatly vacate the seat. Matter was solved . But please let me know HOW CAN A TT ALLOW A PASSANGER WITH A WAITING LIST TICKET TO ENTER IN THE RESERVED COMPARTMENT OF RAJDHANI EXP ??THE TRAIN IN QUESTION IS SWARNAJAYANTI RAJDHANI EXP DELHI TO PATNA RAJENDRANAGAR.. HOW CAN U SAY YOUR SERVICE IS THE BEST??IT THE FREQUENT SITUATION ON THIS ROUTE.   
 Mai mba kar raha hoAligarh se ghazibad daily janta ho7/11/17Ko oppo f1s mobile chori ho gya haiBut one months hone vale hai.Par abhi take koi work process nhi hua haiI'm mba1st year student inIts ghazibad mohan nagarMy contract no.[protected][protected]My mail i'dChetan. Varahney728@gmail.comPlz sir help me   
 Bibhuti express (1233, a1, pnr: [protected]): luggage lifted in the wee hours of the morning on 29/09/2017. Door found unlocked. Attendant was peacefully sleeping, no rpf. Lodged an online complaint to @railminindia in twitter. Complaint no ecr588 was generated. Thereafter no proper response from their side available even after repeatedly posting my queries. Last online response was 30/09/2017. Ever since no concrete information shared even after repeated queries. If no concrete action can be taken against such blatant robberies, then why make the show of a complaint number in public? Railways administration did not look in to this matter seriously. Nor did they offer any compensations in this regard. There have been several such more incidents, but nothing can alert the indian railways. What is the use of paying so much for a ticket if we cannot have a safe journey?Height of neglect!!!   
 Pnr no., [protected]Train no. 12367Dt of journey :[protected]Bearth no. A1 37, 38, 39, 40 Dear sir I m sunil kumar thakur traveling along with my family from bhagalpur to new delhi. I m surprised to see as many as 30 to 35 unauthorized persons traveling in my compartment and this is creating safety and security problems as well as inconvenience as these people are obstructing the way to toilet. I m aghast to see that the train attendent and the ticket collector, both are missing in the compartment including ahead and behind a1You are requested to take necessary action against the train attendent and the ticket collector as i see some foul play by them.  Thank u   
 Vide cited pnr detail, e tickets were bookedfor the journey betweentikiri (Tkri) and howrah (Hwh) on dated 24th june 2017 (Travel date 19 july, 2017) for five person, But train was cancelled on travel date and travel was not possible.As train was cancelled tdr was not required to be filled and automated refund was supposed to be executed by railways. But it was not happened in my case.I have requested to irctc but got no response. Then i contacted e co, vizag, where they hv sent me a status report (Attached herewith), wherein it is mentioned that "train route was diverted and passenger not travelled."It may please be noted that the train route was closed for the reason that one railway bridge span near theruveli station was washed away due to heavy rains and this has affected the total rail operations for a week. Further to this the my train alongwith many was not in operation from both the directions for more than 20 days. I feel heavily cheated and harassed by the railways record and not getting any refund.Kindly help.   
 I frequently travel by rail. I have always wondered why the railways are not able to design a neat and functional toilet. It is a torture to use the railway toilet in a running train. The worst offender is the chain tied to the mug, it is like a serpentine creature waiting to pounce upon the user. It needs to be entangled first before making the mug straight. If one succeeds ten the tap will not work properly. The design of the cocks is such that they simply do not go up. If they go then water will be sprayed on all sides. Ones shoes and pants will become wet. Finally if some water is collected then taking the mug behind the place of use, half the water gets spit out and the remaining quantity s insufficient for use, one has to do so multiple times. The liftable seat of the toilet is always hanging on one side, making sitting on it difficult and risky. Washing ones hands in the conical bottom round sinks is another torture. The taps are so hard that making them work requires lot of effort. When indians have reached the moon and mars, it is really difficult to understand why railway toilets can not be designed efficiently to make them user friendly. The tap cocks should have small projection on opposite sides to make them push upwards easily.in its absence it becomes difficult as wetness also makes it slippery.Perhaps an all india competition can be held to design a user friendly toilet by the railways. Please consider the suggestion positively.  (I am convinced that no important member of the top railway hierarchy ever travels by train and if yes then they are so indifferent to the lousy state of toilets in railway comprtments)   
 Sir, i had book my bike (Jh01bz 7527) on 23/11/2017 from ranchi to ambala cant. But bike not dispatched in ambala cant on 25/11/2017 and parcel office not given me information about my bike. I went many times parcel office but i'm very disappointed from this behaviour of railway parcel. I am facing many problems without bike.So, sir please kindly take an appropriate action to get my bike. I will be very thankful to you.Train no.-18109Receipt no - 687267Phone no.- [protected]   
 I had enquired about general ticket of a train which is supposed to be depart from sbp station, when i asked the reservation clerk (Mr. Panda and other counter clerk, present at sambalpur road station, odisha at 8.40 am) about the general train ticket to be from sambalpur road, he refused to debit my ticket from sambalpur road of train express sbp-banswadi, which is a weekly train with no 08301, and i got replied that i can only have my ticket from the only station, where the train is supposed to departed. I just want to know about the reason, or is there is any rule for such this incident. With regards An aware citizenPriyabrata majhiSambalpurPriyabrata. Aei@gmail.com   
 Hi, This is regarding very bad service from indian railways. I had to board the train 12569 (Garib rath) on 28-nov-2017 at 00:52 am from allahabad. The train arrived around 2:45 am. But when it reached, i knocked on the door of both sides of the coach g11. To my surprise attendants and some passengers were sleeping and inspite of regular knocking they did not open the door. Then i ran towards g10. There was no response there also. Then i ran towards g9. Here also there was no response even after regular knocking. Then i ran towards g8 and then someone opened the door and also train had started moving. We were 4 people along with 2 children and one lady with luggage. We had put our lives in danger to board the moving train. After we boarded the train we saw too many people lying on the floors of train. How is this allowed. We had to cross 3 coaches to reach our seat. Also people were sleeping on our seat and were not getting up. Also tte was not available to resolve the issue. The attendant was also not responding and did not give blankets and bedsheet. What kind of service you all are providing after charging such a high cost.The tte ultimately came in the morning at 7:00 am to check the tickets. He said that he boarded from kanpur. Also i asked for the complaint register which he said that i cannot give as i don't have it. After that no tte was available even though i searched 2-3 coaches left and right. I need answer to the issue you all had created.Here are our details of ticket — Pnr-[protected] shraddha and tikshika (Seat no 55)Pnr-[protected] rishit gupta and pradeep kumar (Seat 43 and 46)ThanksPradeep   
 I have booked one ticket vide pnr [protected] from banglore on 01.10.2017 for travelling from varanasi to ranchi for travelling day 26.11.2017 boarding at varanasi, but train is diverted without any information, as result we could not caught train no 18610, I am not getting full refund from from railwayPlease give me advice for refund procedureThanksPramod murarkaEmail, pmsuhi@gmail.co   
 Pnr - [protected] 12392 - new delhi - rajgir shramjeevi sf express From: new delhi | ndls To: rajendra nagar bihar | rjpb Board:[protected] Class: 3a Chart: preparedPass no.Booking statusCurrent statusConf. Prob.1 w/l 9, wl rac, b3, 55 Complaint: two days before pnr status was rac 12 and it was expected to confirmed but it is changed to rac 55. Due this female traveler is facing problem and unfortunate to indian railway. I think that cancelled ticket sold by dalal instead of confirming rac. This is a type of corruption and i need enquiry and action against the person involved.   
 Dear sir, Please have a look at the attached image. It was taken at the thiruvalla rialway station (Kerala) platform no 2 yesterday by a passenger. As you can check it is the only station in pathanamthitta district and it is one of the busiest stations in kerala. Could you please take immediate action to sort this. Many thanksNibu thomas   
 In ghatkopar east side (Pantnagar) side tv indicator which shows which train is arriving in how much minutes is not working since last 4 months.Vikhroli side (On the bridge). Gps system.It becomes extremely difficult to understand the timings of the trains.In fact even on the jhunjhunwala side the tv indicator is not working.It is just running we cannot see anything.I   
 Charging switch is not work and reservations dubbe ko gnrl bna rakha hai logo ka aane jane ka bhi rashta nhi hai yha tak log toilet mai baith rhe hai journey date 27-11-2017 train no 12488 s8 train is very very late indian railway very bed railwY for for any country its very bed condition for indian railway i send for one video or picture see this video and pic   
 Sir, this is 2nd time i am writing complain to this train, i am travelling this train for the 10th time but not in a single time it reached in time, timing to reach to howrah railway station is 8.25 but now it 9.45 it waits for line clearance, i have to go 40km from howrah if i go by private taxi they will charge night fare i think railway board will think about it and try to reach the station in particular time. Ashok kumar sahoo, cuttack, odisha   
 My name is sukhbir kaur, 60 years (Senior citizen). I lost my luggage at chennai egmore plate form number 9 at early morning 6 am on 20/11/2017 while catching the train number 12390 (Gaya express).My ticket pnr number is [protected]Coach number b2Seat number 43Date of journey 20/11/2017From chennai egmoreTo jabalpurPlease help me and trace my lost luggageSukhbir kaur   
 Dear sir, I'm traveling from this train currently. Every other train is passing by on tundla junction. But this train is standing.Even the train started 5hrs late.This is how our railway is making profit and india is shining. No customer service and nobody to take care of mango people.I wish continue success like this.Regards, Anurag   
 Dear sir, I am travelling to hubballi on 24th evening, last saturday from bangalore city. The train is wonderful and maintaining the timings as it is. But i had a bitter a travel experience in my above travel.I travelled in a complete reservation compartment (S 7) in gogumbaz express - tain no. 16535 on 25.11.2017. The said compartment is fully reserved. The tte (Train ticket examiner) came and checked all the berths and went away. After the train left bangalore city, after about two hours there was about 10 people mostly middle aged ladies and along with teen age boys and one man middle aged. The came and sat opp to us about the time we are eating the food around 9.00 pm. All the 6 or 7 ladies occupied the side lower berths leaving the original reserved passenger out of place for even sitting. When the passenger asked about his berth the man told him in a loud voice that they will be here for half an hour and get down at next railway station. Half an hour passed and next station also came and gone and these people never moved. Again he asked for his berth but for which the man told him that he told him already that we will be here for some time and sleep some time and afterwards get down in a same loud voice. During the course of time all the 10 people were talking in loud voices and the boys were getting down and getting in to train whenever the station comes resulting allowing the unreserved people to get into the train which guarantee the no safety for our luggage.in our block we could not sleep because of these though we reserved 2 months back those sleeper. It was annoying me and hence i went to other compartment and searched the tte who is i/c for our s 7 compartment. Finally with great difficulties i found him and informed him. He said that they have taken some urgent travel and most of the ladies and he allowed them, he told. I told him that he is not doing his duty properly. How can he allow about 10 people those who are having only open tickets, in a reserved compartment exclusively for sleeper berths. Then i had to remind him about his duties which is not included about allowing even a man without reservation. Even then he told me manage the situation. Is it acceptable by us???The tte name is s k meena (Gents)Train no. 16535Coach no. S 7 Travel date 25.11.2017I need justice on the above travel.Pv. Ramani@yahoo.co.in (My mail id)   
 I would like to know if there is a facility for recharging the smart cards of local trains online? My experience is that many times on local railwy stations, either these machines are not working nor server is working. Therefore, top up of these cards becomes difficult. The railways can consider providing this facilty, if it is not there.Vilas shrikhandeDombivli east   
 Sir, 16316 kochuveli runs on average of 1hour late every day... This has a great impact for passenger going to offices, school...This is highly ridiculous that even today instead of progressing we are thrown back to the stone age.. Not just this train even sbc to kanyakumari runs late daily.. This is absurd and no one is taking any responsibility to fix this... How can a train run late almost year with no plan to fix this... Pls don't take passengers and their time for granted..Hoping some good plans are made and people are booked for these delays   
 Sir/madam,  Iam deeply amaze, the train which iam to travel on 27/11/17 from delhi-dimapur was cancel on 26/11/17 which in return let to sudden failure of work which lead chaos and effect in many ways as you know. So my question is if there is any cancellation of train what are the alternative provided for the passenger to reach the destination at the earliest, and if there no alternative then is it not the indianrailway responsible for that to provide alternative to reach the destination in time. We must maintain and use the time wisely, as nobody can buy and rewind it, also it will in return help the nation develop faster if we manage time properly. Thank you Yours customers   
 I was travelled in train no 12916 ashram express at 25 nov 2017. Two coaches was occupy by haryana police so the general coach passenger occupy seat in sleeper coach and three times chain pulling was happened in train because of heavy crowds in each station i am attaching photo for confirmation please look in this matter very seriously and take strict action against it. So that it would never happen again.!!!   
 I, mohamad imamuddin shaikh, make a humble submission that my valuable parcel worth rs.10000/- was booked from jammu tawvi to samastipur junction on 10.12.16 with builty no.596290 in amarnath express. But till date the parcel is not delivered to the booked adress. And the station authority at samastipur junction is showing their unability to trace the consignment and told me to place a online complaint. I have booked clothes, utensils, documents, cash of rs. 500 and some daily use goods with the luggage ticket to my home address. Thus i pray your kind jurisprudence to look into the matter and do the needful at the earliest to deliver the goods to me.With a deep sense of gratitude Thanking you.Yours faithfully, Mohamad imamuddin shaikhMobile no-[protected]/[protected]   
 Indian railways — ticket distribution When i was gone to railway station of mathura. During ticket counter the ticketer abuse me. He forbid to give me ticket. He refused to exchange money. Station - bhuteshwar (Mathura area, up)Time 17:30 to 6:00 date 13-10-2017 He is only there at unreserved counter. I don't know more about that man. On that i had no time to complain to station master. My train is on platform   
 I am travelling from gwalior to bhopal by 12002 shatabdi express on c4 coach, the coach is too dirty and unmaintained, the seats are very old and very very dirty, the roof of the coach have dirt marks all over, it's very unpleasant. We r paying this much cost on shatabdi express just for comfort and convenience not for uncomfortable and unpleasant journey. There is also too much noise coming inside the coach.   
 Dear sir's, On the 14th of this month travelled from visakhapatnam to secunderabad by duronto train no 22203 and returned on the 22nd by the same duronto which is an excellant train between both these stations and i'm gland to mention that it reached on the right time.1) the attendants were selling water at rs20/- when the rate as mentioned by railways is rs15/- only. When questioned he mentioned that as there is no pantry car, he is charging the said amount.2) secondly as the train was reaching its destination they came around asking the passengers for money for the service provided of supplying the bed rolls. This happened in both my travels.Request that this practice of the attendants should be stopped immediately.RegardsBehram phiroze chinoy   
 Either trains are delayed or derailed. People like me face many problems. Besides there is no audi alterum partem - hear my voice as it is tribune and not court. Railway passenger office is not available in need to passengers. Already weekdays and holidays people are kept on waiting due to mega block. Sir metro and ring rout is not so officially started as local trains. Sir instead of bullet trains if railway conditions are improved then it will be great boon to passengers. Sir in rush times ladies and students add to crowd of common class as they need support; sir if you start students coach separately and add more ladies and students coaches and keep rule that unless need persists they do not crowd gents common coach then it will minimize crowd of overcrowded gents common coach. Only ticket checkers are seen bullying running passengers in hurry to catch leaving train as already time is waisted in crossing bridges. Escalators are many times closed due to load shedding. Sir if you start lift on solar energy for women then crowd will be minimized on bridges and escalators. Sir it will be better if you increased reserve trains for students and ladies and handicap and cancer etc. To avoid rush in normal local trains. Sir passengers will be happy if they see medical nurses and lady docters face to receive the passengers in need than brute evil face ticket checkers.   
 Sir, i m travelling in train no 12508 from guy for chennai, since today morning there is no water in toilets. I could not do my routine in the morning. Now i m feeling pressure for no 2 and went for search for toilets in other compartments where water is available. But could not find any. I m feeling sick seeing the condition of toilets. Most toilets are chocked and filled with excreta. I have no such bad experience till now in train journey.   
 Respected sir,  Sub: rub (For lmv and pedestrian) at km 10/300-400, gnanabharathi layout iii Stage (Opp to rv college bus stop)1. Large number people are daily crossing the subject railway track day and night including daily wage workers, ladies, aged, kids etc; putting their life under risk. Of late there are several incidents of robbery in the mid night also raising serious concern.2. The 15 years demand of rub (For lmv and pedestrian) at subject location was approved by railway vide swr letter no. Ce (P-c)/pr/86/2016-17 dated 21.10.2016 based on various representations through prominent leaders. Chief enginer of bbmp and swr have jointly estimated cost as rs6, 56, 86, 051/-. State human rights commission has also expressed their concern about the safety of commuters. It is also pertinent to mention that govt properties are made available at both sides of track.3. Union minister sri d v sadananda gowda has also persuaded for early release of centage vide his letter dated 30/1/17. Bbmp issued centage amount (Cheque dated 31/10/17) to swr. Quoting the bbmp letter dated 8/11/17, swr dy chief engineer/ central (Construction), #18 millers road bangalore-46 immediately returned the cheque stating it is not feasible vide letter no. W.352/cn/bnc/rub/kgi dated 14.11.2017.4.in view of the above kindly review the case sympathetically considering in the larger public interest.   
 Hi, I am avadhesh pandey. I booked ticket from irctc site on date[protected].My booking detail is given below:Transaction id: [protected]Pnr no: [protected]Journey date is:[protected].Train no./name: 15025 / mau anvt expressThis train is canceled on date:[protected].But i did not get refund my fare till date.Please resolve this issue asp.ThanksAvadhesh pandey[protected]   
 I hv a jorny from bbsr to delhi on 23rd nov.17.. Dt was such a nightmare for me.. Service is worst, bathrooms are very unhygenic, and most importantly the arrival time was given as 24th nov 5pm but it reachd in delhi aftr 11pm.. So my kind request to all of u dont book ur tckts in this train. Unnecessery stopages were there only for this train i was unable to attend my meetng so that was such a horrible jorny for me.   
 We have been waiting at the platform ticket counter in egmore railway station to get the platform ticket to board our mother for 7.15 rameswaram train. We have been waiting at the line for past 20 minutes. And there is no one at the counter. One lady who is at the counter has been sitting at the counter and eating for the past 20 minutes and there is no one issue the tickets here. When we asked there is no proper response. And she continued to eat without arranging anyone to replace her. Please see into it. And due to this we nearly lost the train.   
 With zenith of admiration i would like to draw the attention of the concerned authorities that a station named kanai bazar in karimganj district, assam has been selling old paper tickets for the last two years. They are not providing computerisd tickets. And, after all, it often happens that passengers have to board the trains without tickets from the cited station only because they find station locked.  So, i would like to request the authorities to solve the problem as soon as possible.   
 Local trains going from sonepat to delhi in the morning and trains that comes in evening from delhi to sonepat... All coaches are full of smokers... Even u cannot breath... Instead you have to inhale smoke coming from cigarette and beedii... There is no one look forward for it... Being traveling in indian railways... It's a duty of railway to provide safe and secure atmosphere for the passengers...   
 I have link train. To dadar bt this train no 11302 udhyaan express is to lated 2 hours lated. How can i pick my train to dadar to ahmdadbad Pnr:[protected], train:11302, doj:21-11-17, sl, sbc-cstm, dep:20:45, Darshan acharya, tqwl 3, Fare:655, sc:0.0+pg+ins+agent chgs, if anyPnr:[protected], train:12901, doj:22-11-17, sl, bct-adi, dep:22:05, Darshan, s1 26, Fare:415, sc:0.0+pg+ins Pls reply immediatly  Thank you indian railway   
 Train no 16649 parasuram express daily evg late. What did you thing man r u mad, mindless fellow,... Parasuram express is not passenger why u stop the train in many time in the locations like kotayam, aluvae. Do u have any sense. Daily passenger are wait in trivandrum central for 1 hour, 2 hour... This is your central government duty. If u do your job no one can delay or wait for that train. Pls try to solve the issue as soon as possible   
 The train, burdwan to purulia memu passenger train (63511) is reaching asansol daily by 45 min. To 1 hour late. Becoming a daily-passenger, we are facing the problem daily. The train is starting sharp at 8:40 am from burdwan but it is reaching asansol between 11:30 am to 12:00 pm, whereas it's right time to reach asansol at 10:35 am. So, our request is either change the time of train in your time-table or stop the train to run because it can't reach in time.   
 Train no. 16227 is scheduled to start from bangalore to talguppa at 11 p. M. This train is always late. On 21st november 2017, again this train arrived at only 12 midnight. As senior citizens it is very difficult to wait and it causes a lot of difficulties. Request you to check the timings for a period of 2 months and you will note that this is always delayed. Multiple times complaints have been filed, but, with no actions. It is very inconvenient to travel so late and wait and wait and reach 3 hours later that the scheduled timings. Kindly do the needful and change the train timings to atleast 9 p. M instead of 11 p. M so that we feel safe. Ensure punctuality. Look forward for immediate actions in this regard.   
 Dear sir, Please kind attention for a while to resolve the matter if possible at the earliest. I booked the bike (Pulsar-135) from mathura to pune on dated 18th nov-17 and suppose to reach at pune station on 20th nov-17 as per booking officer but till date it has not been even loaded in train and dont know when this consignment will reach. Kindly look this matter on priority since it is urgent for me due to work urgency. I am trying to reach in parcel office on mention phone numbers but nobody is replying for the same. Now i am not able understand what should i have to do to get the bike at pune station. Booking prr no:[protected]With kind regardsRavindra kumar +91-[protected]   
 I got a reservation pnr no[protected] for journey from varanashi to ranchi. On the date of journey i. E.19.11.2017 the train was diverted and did not came to varanashi, no information was given to me on my cell no written on reservation slip, this cassed lot of hardship for my family, who finally rushed to mugalsarai to catch the train.B k tulsyanRanchi[protected]/[protected]   
 Passenger name : m sankaranarayanaTrain no-12595 Pnr no [protected]Travel from cnb - anvt date:[protected].Scheduled arrival at cnb - 2.45 hrsActual arr at cnb - 6.57 hrs.Tdr filed due to train late by more than 3.00hrs. Passenger not travelled.Tdr transaction number [protected] at 7.20.32 hrs of[protected].Tdr refused with reason train ontime.Kindly give me the refund.M sankaranarayana   
 Cancellation id: [protected] Tdr filing date: 18-oct-2017 22:16:22 hrsRegistration no:[protected]Tdr zone: northern railway (Nr)Tdr status cr registeredTransaction id: [protected] train no./name: 04032/dli bsb spl pnr no [protected] Date of journey: 18-oct-2017 date of boarding: 18-oct-2017 date of booking: 07-oct-2017 From: delhi (Dli) to: varanasi jn (Bsb) boarding: delhi (Dli) Ticket amount:1960.0 ticket type:e-ticket It is more than one month and refund is not processed by indian railways for tdr filed for reason train late fore than 3 hours and passenger not travelled..Kindly help to process the refund..RegardsDeepanshu   
 D/sir, I was book may travlling ticket on 14/10/2017. These tickets are cancelled on 30/10/2017 but till today refund amount not deposited my account. Ticket details are below.1. Pnr no. [protected] Ticket from ngp to ndls, doj - 20/11/2017 cancelled date 30/10/2017 refund amount 9315/-.2. Pnr no. [protected] Ticket from ndls to klk, doj - 21/11/2017 cancelled date 30/10/2017 refund amount 1500/-3. Pnr no. [protected] Ticket from cdg to nzm, doj - 24/11/2017 cancelled date 30/10/2017 refund amount 1375/-4. Pnr no. [protected] Ticket from nzm to ngp, doj - 24/11/2017 cancelled date 30/10/2017 refund amount 7920/-Above cancelled ticket refund amount yet not deposited my bank account. So i was mail on irctc mail id on 10/11/2017 and call to customer care center on 11/11/2017, 16/11/2017 & 21/11/2017. Complaint ticket id no. 7180901 registered on irctc mail id care@irctc.co.in. But no response from their side. Please do as early as possible.Thanking you,  (Prasad bhisekar)   
 Train no 15910 doj.20.11.17 pnr no [protected]. As ticket booked for 1st ac and as per chart confirmed in 1st ac, but in the train tt sir alloted seat in 2nd ac, as told that coach is not attached. 1st what about refund of difference.2nd online status and station chart also showing 1st ac coach, why it is not updated.3rd rail department will responsible for misguide as coach were attached in the last but as per chart showing 4th from engine. Due to small kid i have faced lot of problem to catch the coach. Who is responsible for that and need to take appropriate action again concern.   
 I am punit ram sahu, i booked the ticket from irctc app (Online e-ticket) Source — pune Destination — rourkela Date of travel — 19/11/2017Number of seats - 2 (S10 : 62, 64)Incident happen near nagpur date 20.11.2017I wanted to book the complaint against ticket collector who has charged the wrong amount and his behavior is also bad. Me and my wife traveling from pune to rourkela, near by nagpur station one tc has came and asking about the id proof, I am having the id card as maadhaar (Aadhaar card) in my mobile, so showed hime but he is not ready to accept that, he is asking the hard copy of the aadhaar card but as per the indian govt. Rule passanger will so there aadhaar card id using mobile and that should be accepted by the tc but he argued and misbehaved, forcing us pay the fine otherwise get down in the next station.He tortured us very badly after some time we paid the fine i. E 2580.We mentally harassed by the ticket collector, i wanted to book the complaint against the tc and i want the justice for the same.Just pay for this.Railway update: commercial circular number 62 of 2017Please find the attached document for your reference.I have attached a ticket, fine receipt and railway rule jpg.ThanksPunit ram sahu[protected]   
 Surat to virar there is a shuttles were run but do not know for some reasons shuttles were replaced with memu. So as people coming from mumbai to vapi in fast train there is only one train between 7:55 to 9:00 and same it was always delayed half hour it is about to 15 days continuously was recognised that only 2 to 4 days it was arrived ontime otherwise it was daily 30 minutes to 1.5 hour late. Please do something. Daily lots of passengers bear with this thing. Please kindly help.   
 I have booked four parcels at surat on 17th to be sent by bhavanagar express (17203) on 18th nov 2017 along with me on pnr no.[protected] to kakinada and the prr no.[protected] and i have received a sms stating that your 4 parcels or loaded in the train. To my great surprise on 19th night at around 8.30pm i have received a sms stating that your 2 percales have been loaded in the gowthami express at secunderabad. After getting down fromthae train i did not even found the rest of the two parcels. On 20th morning we got two parcels in the gowthami express and the parceles were cut open and almost worth of ten thousand rupees (10000/-) sarees were stolen. The rest of the parcel were not found where they are. So kindly do the needful and take action as soon as possible and handover my parcels. Thanking you yours sincerely match. Samuel vinod   
 Sir, hamare 2 vanja vasko (Vsg) se malda a rahe the. Uske pass paisa nahi the. Hamne online ticket kata or us ticket ka sms mobile me gaya. Us sms se aa rahe the. Train me tte ne sms dekha kuch nahi bolaJab howrah me utra tab tte ne ticket dekha. Dekh ke bola ye ticket galat hey, bolke 1600 rupiya fine mara. Tte ne bola ke nam galat hey. Jab ghar aya to homko bola aisa hua tha. Aap boliye jab ek nam galat hey dusra sahi hey to fine kuyon mara. Garib ke sath aisa kuyon kar rahe he. Kuyon pet me lath mar rahe he. Aapko id or mobile sms vej rahe he. Iska jabab diji ye ga jarur..   
 I travelled in 12413 on 19 nov 17. Normally the AC coaches are in front. This time they were at the back. I had to rum from front to back to get in my coach.DecriptionThe train number 12413 is from ajmer to jammu. Normally this train has ac coachez ac 1 and ac 2 and ac 3 which are in front near engine. But on 19 nov 17 all these coaches 5 in number were put near to guard cabin at back. No prior intimation was given to passengers on this arrangement. Due to this casual attitude of railways passengers including me had to run from front to back of train to get into my reserved coach. If required i can send my pnr number of said date.Railway must intimate the coach postion with reservation statis to each passenger   
 With reference to above pnr nos we would like to inform you that we are travelling from howrah to ahmedabad on 22.12.2017 by train no 12906 howrah porbandar exp our majority tickets are for the passengers falling from age 50 to 80 but we are allotted all the seats of either middle or upper berth.I request you that please help me in this matter i would also like to inform that we have booked this tickets on the very first day tickets were available at railway counters   
 Sir meri bahan ki shaadi 28 november 2017 ko dehradun me hai. Jr 2 mahino se late chal rahi haiiske liye maine apne parivar sahit 48 logon ka ticket 27 november2017 ko doon express se liya hai... Lekin ye gaadi lagatar 2 mahino se 12-13 ghanta late chal rahi hai.. Yadi main samay par dehradun nahi pahuncha to mai kaise apne bahan ki shaadi kar paaunga...Kripaya jald se jald is train ka time sudhaar karwaaiye   
 Myself darshan soni from surat, gujarat, india. On 9th october i have filed an tdr for train being late for more than 3 hours and passenger not travelled. Transaction id of tdr filed is 100001006884493 and amount is inr 340/-. On 7th november 2017 i mailed them regarding this matter. My ticket id is #7144157, but till date (19th november 2017) on action is being taken on this matter. I want my refund back.   
 Sir. I have a rac ticket with pnr no [protected]. I was supposed to travel from old delhi railway station to bareilly.I am also attaching the copy of the tickets.I wasn't aware that without prior notice or without informing my the tickets can be cancelled.Just want to know how can a rac ticket be cancelled automatically.I never did that.The ticket taker wants 250 as a bribe. He is the tt travelling in this train.The compartment says it's a general compartment and he is taking money and selling seats.Jai bharatJai railways   
 I charged more & tharten to leave train @ middle of night with to confirmed tickets & one is current booked ticket by tt mr vinod bhosle tt request him to take the difference amount & allow me travel with my family by sharing their seats on 18 november 20017 s5 65/66 he penalties me instead of taking difference amount & therten me to leave train please take action against him [protected] harshad kulkarni as per your new advisement we can confirm tickets in case of emergency after bording train   
 Pnr no: [protected], train number: 02821/pune-src spl, journey date: 16/oct/2017It has been more then one month passed but still i not received resolution of my complaint. I not understand why i am not getting refund of ticket.My ticket for two passenger with pnr number [protected]. Was booked in train 02821/pune-src spl, coach b7 was got allocate to me with ticket number p1-b7, 15 and p1-b7, 16. But while on boarding from pune station it was noticed that train (Train no. 02821) got delayed by three hour and after three hours delayed when train arrived at pune station's platform number 6, all passenger got shock that coach b7 is missing, later at last moment railway staff informed us that coach b7 was cancelled due to some technical fault and b7 coach passengers were not allowed to travel, railway staff also said that all passenger will get the ticket refund back. I and all the passenger wait in the station for more then three hours, later at last moment when train arrived in platform, it was informed that the coach has been cancelled. Most of the passenger were going to there native place to celebrate the diwali festival with their family but due to railway staff carelessness all the passenger of coach b7 have to cancel there journey. If there is any problem in coach the railway staff have to inform the passenger earlier. Alternate travelling option to passenger should be made available by railway during such instance. The railway staff behavior was very rough, they were not able to listen to anyone. Because of this all passengers got very upset and nervous. For ticket refund, i have filed the tdr online in irtc site on 16th october 2017 but still i not got my ticket refund. Tdr registration no:[protected]. Cancellation id: [protected]. I have registed two compaint via sms and online but still not got any resolution. Complaint no: s/nr/irctc_tkt/[protected], s/se/dyccm_clms/[protected], s/se/dyccm (Ref)/[protected].I am not at all satisfy with this pathetic service of railway. Totally disappointed. Some from ministry has to take immediate action on this.It is now earnestly requested to look into the matter and do the needful. Please give instruction to railway staff to be in discipline and bring politeness in there behavior, railway staff is the government and public servant. A full refund of the entire amount against the ticket cost of the said journey may please be refunded immediately along with the adequate compensation.Previous complaint number: s/nr/irctc_tkt/[protected], s/se/dyccm_clms/[protected], s/se/dyccm (Ref)/[protected]   
 Dear indian railway, I am travelling from danapur to pune, details as follow pnr:[protected], train:12150, doj:17-11-17, sl, dnr-pune. I am boarded to coach s-11 where there is no charging socket available. I have raise the issue with tt thrice where i got replies as "we cannot do anything" and "so what shall we do. If its not available then we cannot do anything".If the tt present is not willing to take up the responsibility then to whom shall we escalate for such issues?I hope this will be resolved soon. Regards, Ripon paulMob no - [protected]   
 Dear sir we (Five person) r going to vellore for operation purpose. My wife and my mother (Both are present) are in lower (S13, 65/68) yesterday.. Some young boys from howrah in without ticket misbehave with my mother and wife... It is very unfortunate that no tt no rpf officer is present here... We spent horrible night yesterday...Under this circumstances please do the needful otherwise i will go for legal step.With thanks and regardsKousik banerjee[protected]   
 R/sir  Refer to my previous complain no w/eo/wat/000292187 dated 17/11/17 regarding diversion route of 12503.Sir with the permission and authorisation from station master i boarded 12704 because i need to catch another train from howrah.Sir when i boarded 12704 i have spoken to tte he said their is no seat available so i sat outside seat of b1 coach. And tte asked me to go to sleeper coach though i am having ac train ticket. Sir the b1 coach attender mr mobin has spoken very rudely to me in a louder voice. When i said you can't speak to me like this he replied i can and this is my seat you go from this seat and he is saying "i have seen many person like you. You can't do anything to me, my name is mobin go and complain wherever you want".Sir i request please take some disciplinary action against this so that such incident never occur to any person in future.Regards   
 Train 12497 shane punjab. Date 17/11/17 coach d5, dirty stinking toilets with cockroaches. Dirty non cleaned seats and coach. Complaint to [protected], [protected], [protected] yielded no response. Train was standing in the yard yesterday. Even then such a poor condition. Broken window panes of coaches, toilets, doors. Complaint to tts Was of no help. Are we living in such a country where no one will listen and perform. What has gone wrong with this once elite train "shane punjab". Train is on its way from sonipat to panipat. Will concerned authorities do some thing for betterment. Why are they paying to the contractor for such a shabby state of the train and suffering for the consumers and why railway is charging for the services it is not giving to consumers.   
 I have gone to asked how to cancel the ticket if the clerk had not written the mobile in my ticket. They refuse to answer. N the ticket that could be cancel before 12 hour of journey which was not possible. Because of them. Now in morning it will come in 12- 4 hour before journey, deduction will be 50% who is responsible for this. Pnr no [protected]   
 With due respect to our prime minister's "digital india movement" i do not think that we will be successful in that in the next 100 years. Everytime i go to get a season ticket and make a payment with my debit/credit card, and after 10 to 15 minutes i hear that we have a network issue and we cannot accept the card from the respected employee at the ticket counter at juinagar railway station (Navi mumbai, india). The way they treat the commuters is very arrogant. This happed with me today (November 16, 2017) at 10:30 p. M. I am a handicapped person and if i am getting treated this way then i think of the other commuters. If this happens in the suburbs of india, i think we are way behind the development and digitalization we should have some supervision and strict rules set for these kind of employees.Thank you, Rahul gaikwadA proud citizen of india   
 Pnr [protected]I am being stopped to cancel my waiting list tatkal ticket.I can't wait till next day to get confirmation. What if the ticket is not confirmed. Should i stay back. I have made my ticket for today in similar route as i am not sure on tomorrows risk.If it's waiting list i should be allowed to cancel my ticket.RegardsAditya[protected]   
 Dear sir, I booked my scooter honda activa 4g regn no. Up 80 ef 0082 from agra cantt. To bangalore city jn station on 28/10/2017 with prr no[protected] for delivery at bangalore city station. I got last message for loading as "1 out of 1 pkgs of prr no. [protected] loaded from agc in train no. 12148 on[protected]:15.|stop sms emailsms2pms@gmail.com with subject stop '" as said by the railway staff in agra cantt at the time of booking. They also told that i received message same way when scooter reached at bangalore city station.I also enquiry the status ragularly at www.parcel.indianrail.com as mentioned in the booking slip. Also i personally visited station for enquiry at agra station for the status but nobody give the actual status. Lastly i put complain on mail with complaint no.: w/sw/sbc/[protected] then get inform that it already reached at station on mail of 15 nov 2017 at 11:25 am and i take the delivery at 19:30 pm on the same day. They charged me rs 2583/- as penalty charges as mentioned in gate pass receipt no 517304 dt 15/11/2017 which is irrelevant.This amount must be paid back to me as this is not my mistake. I will not tolerate this type worng practice of paying fine for railway mistake. Tracking website is not working and any person take responsibility to inform and charging from us. Loading is informed by sms but why not unloading? And you tracking website is useless and wasting railway money on this.Concerned authorities are requested to pay kind attention and may get the matter investigated, punish the defaulters involved and also arrange suitable compensation for the harassment and penalty so imposed. Thanks & regards, Mukesh kumarMob. [protected]E-mail id : ermk. Qa@gmail.com   
 I have gone rajahmundry railway station to drop my father and to hyderabad garibrad train. Where i stopped just above the front entrance of rajahmundry railway to let them get down out of my car. That scooter parking fellow ran to me that not let me get down my family members from the car and even it is not parking place for the scooter asking for unwanted scolding and argument with me even though even car parking person didn't ask me. He is so reckless to me the as i have seen. I ask for the contractors to take it   
 It has been 75 days of filing tdr now and i haven't still received my refund.I was forced to cancel my tickets as the train was rescheduled thrice in 2 days but didn't leave at the end and was never canceled by the railways. There were heavy rains in mumbai at that time.I drove to the boarding station thrice in those 2 days, in that heavy rains but to get nothing.I twitted the issue to ministry of railways & railway minister, they replied and asked the drm se railways to resolve the issue but they provided no help and at the end all stopped responding. (See attachments).Please help me resolve this issue. Other attachments for reference.Details:Date of journey: 29/08/2017Pnr : [protected]Cancellation id: [protected]From cstm to hwhTdr filing time: 01 - sep - 2017 10:26:52   
 My pnr no. [protected] for train dee bdts g rath 12215. I was about to travel with my wife, 5years daughter and infant son on 4th nov, from ajmer. On 2nd nov. 2017 and 3 rd nov. 2017 and even before chart preparation, my pnr status was rlwl 4, 5 and 6. But on the final chart preparation, when i was expecting confirmation against my pnr no. I was stunned by seeing that pnr status which was rlwl 4, 5 and 6 has jumped and changed to rlwl 6, 7 and 8. Is this possible? What kind of software has been used or this is another level of corruption. Even i can provide screen shots of mentioned pnr status of before charting and post charting.How can rlwl no. Can degrade instead of upgrading after chart preparation.   
 I have booked rail ticket for my 84 yrs old mother who is a cancer patient (Went to mumbai for treatment) from ltt mumbai to kamakhya, assam in karmabhumi express (22511). To day on 15/11/2017 at 11:30 at ltt station we were advised that there is no ac 2 tire coach. 3 tire coach is attached and passengers were advised to board in the same. I have paid for ac 2 tire, and booked the ticket considering mother's ill health to ensure a safe and comfort journey. Railway did not inform me about the non availability of ac 2 tire coach and issued the ticket. Now, indian railway will be fully responsible yfor any untoward happening to her during the journey. Moreover, they have to payback the fair and person responsible for causing this sort of inconvenience to the citizens may be identified and made responsible.   
 Today[protected] i traveled in amaravathi express (Train no. 17226, s3 coach, berth no. 32) from munirabad to vijayawada. At 5.30 am when i am getting down at vijayawada station someone staled my bag and ran away. I had my very important college books, documents and notes in the bag. I have contacted railway police regarding this matter to lodge a complaint. They told that there is no need of fir and they will try to search. Its very important and precious for me. Please help me to get my bag at the earliest.  Thanking youG. PrajwalSri chaitanya pu collegeGoshala, vijayawadaM: [protected]   
 Train no-14236, pnr no-[protected] Transaction id: [protected]Be bsb exp got late for more than 7 hrs, unusual delay caused me loss and wastage of time and money. Improper railway enquiry services and app services.. Fake information is provided, which lead me to miss my train. ENot only this train, but since last month i am suffering from such losses due to unusual delay, rescheduling of trains.I want my grievances should be dealt as soon as possible and want the whole amount to be refunded.Transaction id: [protected]	pnr no [protected]	train no./name: 14008 / sadhbhawna exp This train also got late due to which i missed my important appointments.I want strict action regarding this issue   
 My new phone missing in train. And train no. Is 12304 or name is poorva express. And imei no. Is 864165037805898 my journey (Delhi to barddhaman) and i loss my phone in patna when i come to barddhaman i going to complaint to g. R. P barddhaman station but hade of g. R. P not wright my complaint. I don't know why. Plz.. Track my phone plz.. And informed me plz.. And my email address is. Vijaypanday309@gmail.com (Thank you)   
 On 27th october, i requested for a reservation ticket for the nxt day 28th october on Ernad express to ernakulam. the ticket provider checked details of availability and confirmed my ticket. Next day, i was on my train and there was another person already in my seat. Upon checking the ticket details, my ticket was found to be provided for 28th december 2017. I checked with the railway station where i took the ticket and the details given by myself were correct for 28th october. I had no way other than getting another ticket from TTR. I had to pay 345 rupees for that ticket. It was only caused because of the carelessness of the ticket provider. I need my money to be refunded.   
 I was travelling by sarvodaya exp on 9th nov from ambla to ahmedabad. The condition of coach cleaning and toilet cleaning was pathetic. Nobone responded/attended even after complaining by sms.The heap of garbage was lying in train for more than 20 hours till last station.Pipes of toilet flush was perished/absent.Foul smell through out the sleeper coach.I don't know railway is saying "we are making the aminities better".Felt very dis appointed to see the condition of indian railways.   
 We are traveling in train no.12833 from nadiad to raipur with pnr no [protected] in a1 coach seat no 13, 14, 15, 16 as one senior citizen is with us. We are not having physical identity proof but we are having aadhar card in digital form. Checking staff not considered that and fined us with heavy amount of rs.3740. Is this fair in the time of digital india. And it is clearly mentioned that aadhar card in digital form is acceptable.   
 Hi, This is regarding the refund on my waitlist ticket. For 10th and 12th of november 2017 i had booked two sleeper tickets (Pnr: 100001038815865 & 100001038815885) and both were on wait list. After the chart has prepared my tickets were auto cancelled and rs 60 (120 rupees) for both tickets are deducting as service charge. Please give the clarity regarding the same.Thanks, Abid   
 Dear sir/madam, I am one of the passenger travelling daily via ladies special train from kalyan (Central railways) at 8.01 am. We are facing issues with regards to ladies travelling down from dombivali/thakurli, who board the train from dombivali/thakurli as the train starts from cstm and becomes ladies special train when it reaches kalyan. Due to this, people from kalyan do not get seat though its a starting train form kalyan. People have to jump in the running train for the seat and only certain people get seat because of the same. Almost 15-16 seats are occupied by people from dombivali/thakurli, who don't even have a pass from kalyan. There is no ticket checking in the train as well. Unnecessarily, fights/arguments happen between ladies for the seat as there are ladies who are old/have health issues/travel to cstm and cannot afford to stand for the whole journey.We request you to kindly start/bring the train from car shade as this will avoid unnecessary fights/arguments/accidents and ensure safe journey of people from kalyan. Hope you will do the needful at the earliest. Thanks and regards, Indian citizen.   
 Hi team, I lost my purse c g smprk krnti.Boarding date: 11-11-2017.Purse contains jewelry worth rs 12000 And cash around rs. 20000.My coach details ab1, seat: 19.I have also informed the same to the railway official as well. But didn't get any positive response on the same.Can someone help me or guide me in locating it or compensate me for this loss.? Regards, Sarita   
 This is an incident occured at night in bhadreswar railway station, hooghly, wb when i came here to see off my aged father-in-law. He had to go back his home at burdwan. Suddenly bardhaman main 37853 of time 20:56 at bhadreswar station came to platform no.2 without any announcement. It was a big trouble for us to catch this train running through the overbridge from platform no.3. Nevertheless we had run after the running train as this train is not frequent in this line. It could have been an accident at this very moment. So, seeking a kind attention over this small matters which is not less important.   
 Dear sir/madam, I am trying more than one year to reactivate my id. But no response. And the solution offered was to Register another id.I have already informed that my mobile number and email id is registered with my userid agwankhade.You are requested to reactivate or cancle my userid so that it can be re-registered.My your email has been assigned ticket id [irctc #6450455].RegardsAtul g. WankhadeOn wed, 09 aug 2017 16:43:21 +0530 care@irctc.co.in wrotegreetings, This message has been automatically generated in response to email sent by you having subject:"re: suspension of irctc id"There is no need to reply to this message right now. Your email has been assigned ticket id [irctc #6450455].   
 Train number 06010, pdy src exp.Date of travel: 18th novermber 2017From:chennai to vizayanagaram. Main complain : we have booked e-tickets (Through irctc web) on the above train and date of booking is 15th oct 2017. It was informed to us last week taht the above mentioned train stand cancelled through an sms. Also the news was published on http://irctc-co.in/ posted on november 6, 2017 by usha latha and i found out that this is due to facilitate infrastructure development works at kharagpur station in south eastern railway. But its ulmost a week from the news published but the money was not refunded to us. Would you advise/suggest on this regard if we need to follow any particular process to get refunded or since the train got cancelled the money will be refunded automatically to my account.Suggestion: would request you when such kind of information get published in the web or portal, its will be always helpfull convey the refund status on the web/ or through a sms.Your earliest response is highly appriciated. RegardsMotisagar Cwamotisagar@gamil.com   
 The train number is 12907 and train is Maharashtra Sampakranti Express. No one comes to clean the train and the water got over in washbasin. The water gets finished at 8:00 a.m. and it reaches Delhi at 2:00 p.m.Till 2:00 p.m. there is no source of water. The tea is made at the morning and gets again and again boiled and gave the same tea to us so that it gets black. There is no taste in sipper tea. It is very bad.   
 Sir, i booked for my motorcycle twister honda red color vehicle number cg 10 ep 3087 from chittaurgarh to bilaspur on dated 3rd november, 2017, whose receipt number b 102666 and came with me. But on the second day after taking the motorcycle, it was found that my motorcycle was not transported by the railway here. Which is why i have trouble in both economic and mental situations. Please request you to know about my motorcycle and to pay the penalty for Damages.   
 I have booked 18 tickets from vizianagaram to shalimar in visakhapatnam shalimar express on 22-8-2017 to travel on 20-12-2017 (Exactly 120 days prior to the travel) i gave an application to the station master to allow group ticketing for my son's wedding. All the tickets were issued, but to my astonishment 11 berths were alloted in b2 coach and 7 were alloted in b1 coach, that too all upper, side upper and middle berths. 8 senior citizens and a mother with an infant are there in our group. Immediately, i booked 6 more tickets online. Again i got all upper and middle berths. Quite disgusting! When i spoke to some frequent travellers and travel agents, i came to know that railway is holding almost all lower berths to for sale to thathkal and rac passengers. Booking tickets with a great planning well in advance is absolutely of no use.   
 Train lokshakti 22928Boarding ahemdabadDestiny borivaliTime 2.30 am (Incident)We boarded delayed train (By 1 hr 30 mins) lokshakti 22928 at ahmedabad. We were alloted ha1 - a1 and a3 lower birth in the coach with only one passenger mr. Yadav travelling with us. Ticket checker after due diligence instructed us not to lock coach since some female passenger was supposed to board from baroda and same instruction was followed by us. According to us attendant and ticket checker were only two people aware of whole whereabouts of our luggage. The mobile was put on charging and handbag of my wife with my gold rings and other valuable was in the coach near her head and covered by blanket. During transit before surat my wife went to refresh for few mins and while she was back she found hand bag missing. She immediately informed me and other passengers about missing handbag i thereby checked my mobile phone to lodge complaint and discovered that my mobile was also missing model one plus 5 imemi number tn-maah-151792751-1718 :. We immediately searched attendant and he was found sleeping we informed him and he instructed us to inform ticket checker. We informed sleeping ticket checker about incident. He came to our coach and called guards of train. The incident was reported on which they suggested to file fir on forms available with tc. Form was filled according to our understanding and awareness at that moment.     
 Good morning sir/maam, I did reservation on 10 nov 2017 for bhopal to dahod. Due to unavailable seats my transaction was failed but the charges of 770 rs deducted from my account (Acct number sbi. [protected]). On that day i got message from irctc i. E "an amount of rs 770.81 (With charges) deducted against irctc txn id [protected] on 10-nov-2017 will be refunded as your ticket could not be booked / service not rendered."but till today no refund is given.Details are as-Transaction id: [protected]Jbp somnath exp (11466)Bpl-dhdBooking date: 10 nov 2017Payment status - settledFailure reason: no seats available : transaction dropped.Bank name :paytm m   
 Horrible seats and bed bugs all over! Passengers are charged so much in 3ac and its unfortunate that there is nk hygiene maintained in the coach. I am travelling from pune to gondia, coach b1seat-24. First of all seats are very uncomfortable with hardly any cushion over it, train seems to be quite old and there is no maintenance of the train. And to top it all there are bedbugs all over! People are unable to sleep or relax as the bedbugs are all over! Its really disappointing to see this considering the railways charge so much for the ac ticket and there is no hygiene or comfort that passengers are getting during their travel! Please consider this utmost important as its very disturbing and passengers are unable to relax or sleep   
 I was traveling towards aurangabad from csmt mumbai. By devgiri express 17057 which departured at 9.14 from cstm When train reached upto thane. A group of eunuch/hijra got into the train. And started abusing people and demanded money. If anyone refused to give money they started threating people with abusive words and action. They forcefully denanded money. When i refused to give they molested me in very dirty manner. They got off from train between diva and dombivli station. When we will get rid from these molestation.   
 I was looking for wheel chair facility at tadepalligudem station on 5th nov, 2017 from 2-3 pm. Unfortunately, i could not find as porter. Please make sure that wheel chair service is offered at all times as it impossible for disabled people to come from platorm 2 to platform 3. I request the indian railways to take immediate action about this issue and solve the problem.   
 Today i travel in panvel-gorakhpur exp train no 15066 in s4 with pnr no [protected]. Sheet no is 41 and 43 pasenger name dr kamleswar dubey or smt usha dubeyIn s4 coach no electricty (No light) found. Complete coach is dark.Please solve it as soon as please take any action to repair electricy of this coatch or alternates that possible. Please take quic action at present train is nearby urai   
 Dear sir/mamYesterday i have booked 4 tickets of train no. 14609 under tatqual quota from haridwar to jammu. I have confirm seat nos as below.Cnf/s9/42/middle.Cnf/s9/43/upper Cnf/s9/45/middle Cnf/s9/46/upper But unfortunately i can't get these seats in s9 coach. Tte has provided us temporarily seats in s1 coach.in pnr status these are showing rac. Confirmed seat no. S are changed to rac. Why...??? Need your support urgently in getting my seat sir, i have children and a female passenger with me.A ticket pnr no.[protected] is attached below. Please take on priority.     
 I am traveling in howrah to new delhi duronto express. (12273). I have boarded the train on 10th nov'17 along with my ailing father who is suffering from cerebral attack. The train departed from howrah on time at 12:45 hrs. And was suppose to reach new delhi at 6:25am. Till now i. E at 17:26hrs. We are still in the train (Coach h1). It is almost delayed by 12 hours. This is absolutely intolerable. It's a extreme harassment specially when i am traveling with a serious patient. I demand compensation from indian railways due to this torture.   
 Dear sir /madamWe are travelled in mathsaganda express train on 31/10/2017 mumbai to mangalore, Pnr no [protected] train no 12619Booking under - wilson dsouza - seat no s8/17 s8/18 s8/19 s8/20Our uncle was faced a very bad accident from train window.The train louver window was suddenly fell down on his hand elbow and his hand got fracture. His age is 67 years and he was still under medication because of trains careless maintenance.There is no any latch for window and its working with very poor condition.It can fall on anybody's hand and window can make a unpredictable accident any time.Kindly take a serious action on all train windows maintenance and kindly avoid unpredictable life long injury.Regards Wilson dsouzaWilson26uae@gmail.comUae mob no for miss call-[protected]   
 Hi sir I had try to book a online ticket on 6 november 2017 from koderma to chandigarh for the date 10 nov 2017.. Make payment for the same. Balance deducted from my bank acct 580 rs.. But ticket not generated... I call to customer care they say payment failed in requested.. So you get your refund in 3 to 4 working days... But still i haven't received any amt... Transaction i'd is 100001042209876.. So kindly check and do needful. And refund my money as soon as possible.   
 Dear sir, Today i was travelling in sl coach s-8, in between 11:30 to 12:40 pm from akola junction (Maharashtra) to malkapur (Maharashtra) by train no.12860, gitanjali express on 10 nov 2017 by general ticket. At shegao station, one of the tc mr. S. A, ingle (Central railway - squad) came and asked me ticket, i showed him and asked him to tell me the fine amount which i was ready to pay, firstly he told me 360 rs and when i took out 500 rs from my pocket he told me 480 rs. I asked him for the break up amount, he kept mum, i asked him, for his name and id, he was refused to give and threatened me & abused me. Then i tried to take photo of him, he suddenly tried to slap me. Then he has taken my 500 rs note and ticket also, told i will not give you both, do whatever you want, then i called to malkapur rpf inspector no.[protected], they have taken my details and told me to call on 182. I called on 182 & made complaint against him. The person from 182 told me to give phone to t. C. But he refused to talk. Then this t. C. Mr. S. A. Ingle and me went to rpf thane, rpf solve the issue by giving me receipt of 340 rs and return my ticket. But what about my time?Such egoistic and corrupt people making our nation worse. I am requesting you take strict action against mr. S. A. Ingle.Regards, Mangesh a.   
 Its feel awkward whent u get the tickets of duranto express (Ndls to bbs) to reach the location on the time before mariage. And its got the all entire time being in its journey n finally u reach on the next day. Worst experience ever. Please do some action for the train schedule rather then its facility n infrastructure. Please save our time on behalf of money..Matter of unsatisfaction n psychological disorder when u travel so long for nothing.Thanks   
 Today we have reservation from janshatabdi from ddn to ndls and after that ndls to jhs. But janshatabdi was late 13 hours. So we took general ticket for madurai express from ddn to jhs and thought to take the seat asking tt. But there is no tt before roorkee. Meanwhile before roorkee megistrate came and took penalty of 1200/-. And on asking she was shouting on us instead of telling us our fault. What for should i give penalty if there was no tt in the train at first place keeping in mind that train is also running late. And the train is also empty. Its not like we are taking seats of people?   
 As the train number 13288 we and my husband was traveling from name to drug on 10th of november 2017 and my pnr on is [protected] and berth no was p1-a2, 39 and p2 - a1, 43.. A unauthorized persons was visited in our coach and attempted my purse at tata nagar railway station. As train was in standstill condition on that station. When he caught for this attempted to stolen my ladies big purse and try to get out from door but he left the purse which he stolen and forcefully run away from coach no - a1. As saying to call the tte i m not a theft.   
 Hi sir/ madam, I have booked 6 parcels (5 packed items + 1 bike) on 31st october 2017 from pune (Maharashtra) to satna (Madhya pradesh).Pune parcel team has loaded all of my 6 parcels on 1st november 2017 at train pune-darbhanga express with train no. - 11033 in brake no. 00732.When the train arrived at satna on 2nd november 2017, according to the parcel office team members at satna - the bike and the cooler was deep inside the brake/coach.So, they were not able to take out those items (Bike + cooler). So they only took out my other 4 parcels.I have collected those 4 parcels on same day, i. E. 2nd november 2017.Later on 5th november 2017, i got a call from satna parcel office that my bike has arrived. So, i also collected the bike.Now, i have been waiting for my last parcel (I. E. Cooler). I am going to the parcel office at satna (M. P.) everyday, but the officer says that - there is no news about your cooler yet.It's been more than a week. I don't know where my parcel (Cooler) is present, and in which condition it is?I request you guys to please take proper and appropriate actions to find out my missing cooler.@indian railways - please do follow up and deliver my parcel.I have attached the photos of below documents :-1. Parcel original receipt received from pune parcel office.2. Parcel photo copy receipt containing signature of satna parcel officer, mentioning that cooler is due for delivery.3. And photo of my cooler, which was clicked at pune, before delivering the parcel.Regards, Akash bhardwajMob. - [protected]   
 Train no 14623Pnr no [protected]Date of journey 3/11/2017Coach s3 Seat 6 with 1srctnwOn this day coach s3 is not in train and not any proper arrangement of conform ticket passengers. My wife have knee injury and a sr. Citizen with me, but tc not available to solve this issue and there are so many unauthorised person in train, grp also not there.Consumer forum complaint no 501077   
 We kindly request for you someone theft our 3 to 4 gram gold jewelry. Journey salem to delhi on the way someone theft. We have a doubt one person who sitting our couch. He is coming along with him we are going toilet that time he theft our gold chain in bag date 7/11/2017 morning in train coach no. S5 age 50 name rajamani she is coming with her sister.Train detail;Kongu expressSalem to h. NizamuddinPnr. No [protected]Coach no. S5 seat 36lb f50Mobile [protected]   
 Hello sir, I have booked train ticket through irctc website from ambur to banglore (Cnt) and i also paid full amount through net banking but my problem is not showing pnr number and coach no and seat no...Booking transaction id	booking status100001044915288	payment requestedBooked ticket historyLast transaction detailTransaction id: 100001044915288	pnr no	train no./name: 12639 / brindavan expDate of journey: 09-nov-2017	date of boarding: 09-nov-2017	class: second sitting (2s)From: ambur (Ab)	to: bengaluru cant (Bnc)	boarding: ambur (Ab)Resv upto: bengaluru cant (Bnc)	quota: general (Gn)	ticket type: e-ticketPassenger detailsPayment detailsPayment option:paytm mTicket charge:95.0	service charge (Inclusive of gst):0.0	total:95.0   
 Shatabadi express delhi amritsar 12031The service provided was not at all good Washrooms were drastically in a very worse condition. Even worse than that we were not provided with food and when provided it was too late some were provided early but when we asked them for our food they started talking in a very bad way. If this continues i will not travel this train again. I travel oftenly but this i the first time. I will make sure this is highlighted. Date 9 november2017   
 Hello, I had booked a ticket with pnr no. [protected] on 11th april-17 forJourney on 14 apr-17, but due to too much late in arrival of train i. E.More than 4 hours passenger was not travelled and i immediately raise aTdr for refund of booking amount on 14 apr-17. Today its[protected]About 7 months) but still today tdr status is still cr registered and no further updates are available since last many days.Please look into the matter why it is being too much delayed forProcessing of above mentioned pnr tdr. I am attaching the screen shotFor your refercnce.I hope a positive and quick response from your side.Thanking you. Anurag srivastav Mobile no. [protected]   
 Sir, i traveled from hyderabad to bangalore on 06th november 2017 by tran no 22692 rajdhani express.I have lost my iphone 7 and wallet containing dl, car rc & debit and credit cards of few banks and rs. 2000/-Someone has stolen my mobile and wallet at about 3 am on 07th november 2017. I woke up at about 3:45 am and found my wallet and mobile missing.I have complained to the rpf constable on duty in the running train and taken complaint from tt. As advised by the rpf, bangalore city, i have sent the complaint along with tt report to sub-inspector of police, dharmavaram rpf by speed post on 07th november 2017.I am yet to get the revert on my complaint.Never expected theft happens in rajdhani express which has very limited stops between hyderabad and bangalore. I suspect, the waiters who serve the food inside train who knows very well where we are keeping the valuables and the size of our wallet as these people always observe us and ask the passengers for tips after serving food.   
 Dear sir, This is to inform you that, there is no water in washrooms for bhogi number s-10, and the bhogi is too bad n the condition of bhogi is worst.Since we have travelling a long where the mobile charger connectivity is not available in our bhogi..Never developing our services.. Other countries are developing rapidly but we will stand like this.Regards, Krishna kumarMob:[protected]   
 My pnr [protected]My id [protected]Train journey date 8-11-17From mangalore to ernakulamRajdhani trivandrum expressI had booked ticket in 1 ac rajdhani trivandrum. I was not informed about the change in train time. I had booked my ticket in irctc, neither i got a mail nor a msg. I had booked two tickets worth total rs 4040.This is not fair, i am a doctor and i was abroad. I have reached back home today morning. How will we get to know the change of train.??? At least a message. Please do something. I need my refund.Why don't we get message regarding change of our train time. This is not acceptable. When i repeatedly called 139 it says out of service.Please look into it.   
 Dear sir / madam, I booked my railway tickets at the vasai reservation counter on 03/11/17. By using my debit card. I was asked to write my debit card no on the reservation form. The payment was effected by swiping the card, then why the card no should be recorded on the form? This details might lead to misusing the funds. Pl explain. Also i was charged rs.71.39 extra for the booking. What are these charges? I will wait for your reply on my email id - cyril_p2007@yahoo.co.in at your earliest. Thanks n regards.   
 My parents and i are travelling in dhanbad-allapuzha exp on 8.11.2017. We had booked tickets for the same 3-4 months in advance. When we got into the train, the sleeper boggie was full like general and people refused to move from our seat or even let us sit. All these people were travelling without ticket. The tt refused to take action, took money from them and allowed them to travel. People are arguing that this is a train and public property, so should we too stop paying for our journey? Or the railway ministry should take a major step in this regards and imbibe some discipline in their employees and reduce corruption so that law abiding citizens like us do not always and in all instances face all the inconveniences. Hoping for resolution of this issue or at the least a response considering its government and people like us, how much ever we want to have faith in our government bodies, the authority refuses to take any action because of course pockets to fill and bank accounts.   
 I am traveling from chennai to agra by tamil nadu exp train no. 12621, pnr no - [protected], after chart prepared i got rac berth so when the tc came i requested to check it is possible to get the confirmed berth so he said not available. After 15min he came and said to me one berth is available in next coach b1 if you pay 300rs i will allot you. Indian railway should take care of this type of things. Really very shame full.Traveling date -7-nov 2017Coach - b2Train no -12621   
 I'm travelling in bangalore kannur express train regularly.. Compartments are new.. But toilets are stinking so bad.. Smell is so bad so that it's not able to sleep too.. This problem of hygiene in toilets has been there with railways for years and not been sorted out.. Also can't blame that people are also responsible.. But for new compartments atleast an effort should be made to make toilet clean.. Request to take action. I had sent mail before too but in vain.. God knows whether somebody acts.. Railways are public transport and even foreigners see these as a bench mark for our progress.. So lots of improvement to be done for hygeine in trains.. Now situation is just pathetic   
 I had cancelled a ticket from bbs to cnb, whose date of journey was 24th september and corresponding pnr is [protected] for rs. 11730.00. As i had cancelled before the stipulated time, i am entitled to a refund of rs 11, 535. The transaction id for the purchase of the ticket is [protected]. The status of the transaction is showing as under in my account with irctc :Transaction id-[protected], transaction date - 22-sep-2017, cancellation id-[protected]	transaction type-cancelled, transaction amount-11730.00, refund amount 11535.00, bank citi	refund status-refunded, refund date-26-sep-2017.But the ticket was booked by using a gift card and not citibank card. I have destroyed the gift card as the value is totally used and i do not have the particulars of the card.I have requested irctc to share the account no to which the refund was made to, but there has been no response so far.   
 Hi, My name is snehal karwa travelling in nizamuddin train. I have lost my luggage near panvel. It was having valuable items. Please contact me at +91-[protected] if anybody find it coincidently.Below are the deatils of train and luggage:Train no: 22653Train name: nizamuddin express frm tvc-kotaBoarding date: 28/10/2017Pnr :[protected]Seat : ha1/6, 12, 17, 18Luggage color: blue plastic vip bagSize - medium   
 Sir i went to rura railway station (Kanpur dehat) towards reservation on 7th november 2017. The railway employee sitting idle in counter but not ready to do reservation at 2:10 pm. When i requested to do reservation he did not accepted and said the counter as closed and the timing are from 08:00 am to 02:00 pm. But there is no timing sign board on the counter to check by passengers. Even they spoken rash to us when we requested for counter timing.Clearly mention all over in india the reservation counter timing are from 08:00 am to 08:00 pm then why only rura railway station as only from 08:00 am to 02:00 pm. Requesting if there are unique timing to railway station they should add a board on counter and have some humbleness towards passenger.   
 In irctc refund status shows that refunded but in my account not credited so please refund to my account as soon as possible each ticket carries rs 500 totally rs 920 credit it faster. 1) transaction i'd:[protected] cancellation i'd :[protected] another ticket details 2) transaction i'd:[protected] cancellation i'd :[protected]...My contact number is [protected]. Please call and resolve my issue as soon as possible.   
 I had booked 2 ac in nil to tvc rajya rani express (16350) on 5/11/17 @ tatkal quota, travelling dt: 06/11/2017. When i reached railway station tte informed, '2ac coach not available today' all 2ac confirmed tickets downgraded to 3ac, tte issued a certificate no.473165. Its not the first time such a replacement done by indian railway on this same train. This is repeated several times in this train 16350. We need better travel facilities.   
 Train no. 14321/14311 running late by 14/4 hrs on routine basis no solution provided by Indian railway for 1 month. Effectively causing delay in returning trains in 14322/14312 in same way. Causing inconvenience to thousand s of commuters traveling in these trains for almost last one month people are not able to catch their onwards/connecting trains .If railways so incapable in cancelling/providing one additional train for making things in routine. What if people start asking for compensation for their sufferings.   
 R/sir,  I booked ticket from surat to nadiad with pnr no [protected] on[protected] for total six passengers, amounting rs.565/-. My ticket was cancelled by indian railways as waiting list was not cleared by them. They deducted rs. 6*60=360 from my account and give me refund of only rs.205/-.Waiting list not cleared is not my fault, i paid money in advance and though i suffered the loss of rs.360/-So pl do the needful and oblige me.Gautam rathod.   
 Sir, My name is manusekharan. Am working as technical helper in carriage and wagon shop perambur, southern railway, chennai.We are traveling from tirupati to chennai on 5/11/2017 @ 18:10 on saptagiri express 16508. While we are trying to enter into train somebody stolen my phone from bag. Due to heavy rush on station & we are busy in finding seats in train, we are unable to find the theft. We find the theft only after the train moved. We try to contact tirupati rpf helpline number[protected] but nobody was taken the phone. So after we reached perambur, chennai @ 21:45 we reported the same to perambur rpf police station.My phone is samsung j7 prime worth ₹16, 000 having two sim cards ([protected], [protected])& one memory card. Imei ref. No is 352335/08/958778/0352336/08/958778/8So please do necessary steps to find my phoneThanking you, Manusekhar[protected]   
 Hi sir just now we reached to vishakapatanam from bhubaneswar train no 17015. Here some one came and taken my bag in that bag one laptop & charger and atm cards, pancard and etc... My seat no a1-43 pnr no:- [protected].If you find the please inform meName: ganesh pattiMobile : [protected]Address: near electrical substation at post bhanjabihar dust: ganjam   
 On jalandhar city railway station all unreserved ticket window operators (All staff) are overcharging the passengers on the name of superfast rs. 15 which are already included on superfast tickets. On argue they replied that they will return but t. T. E. Will make him fine. & collect ticket & mark a line on superfast which is written on tickets. And return only rs. 10 & some staff members make an other ticket, of rs. 15 after arguing when they feel their fraud has been caught, written only superfast on that tickets.By this passengers are paying double superfast chargeBy these means these railway staff are robbing the passengers Plz take serious action against the culpritsLike this incients not only happen on jalandhar city railway it happens on all stations where there are over crowded passengers I want to suggest more names amritsar, gonda etc   
 I have booked two tickets in train no 04035, pnr [protected] for journey date 03.11.2017 from darbhanga to new delhi, but the train got delayed by more then 15 hours resulting reschedule in my further program. So, as i tried to cancel the ticket on 04.11.17 around 8 am, a message displayed as "journey date passed, cancellation not allowed. Please file tdr." Kindly look into the matter and refund the booking amount of rs 3520 at the earliest, which was spent by me of no use.RegardsAnand kumarMob no [protected]   
 Cancellation charges deducted very highly. I have two complaints both are related to ticket cancellation charges. 1. Booked a tatkkal ticket and cancelled it immediately as it was in tqwl (Waiting list) - 210 rs deducted out of 2160 rs, cancelled the ticket with in 15 minutes as it as in waiting list. 2. Cancelled a regular sl confirmed tickets - 720 rs deducted from 2400 ticket amount, i cancelled it before 24 hours.   
 I have booked my bike bajaj pulsar 150 vehicle no-or15 s1151 from itarsi mp to khurda odisha on 28 oct 2017, my pod no is [protected] but till date not received my bike. At the time of enquiry in itarsi railway parcel office there staff no response and not satisfy answer to me for my vehicle details.So please help me in this matterRegards, Sarajul haque[protected]   
 Last night on november 5, 2017, the travel to dehradun from delhi by jan shatabdi express was a real nightmare. It took almost 12 hours to reach, of which about 7 hours from roorkee and 4 hrs from haridwar.Nobody knew what was happening as there was public announcement or any word from crew. No food on train. Children were crying. And on reaching dehradun, everyone had to pay several times the fare to autorickshaw s and taxis.The railways support and comfort with information on mysterious delay was missing.   
 Dear sir, I know it's very difficult to get heard as we are common man. But my earnest request is to please ensure that railways at least provide us with freshly cleaned bedroll instead of used ones in a new packet. Its not only unethical to reuse the bedrolls without proper cleaning but also unhygeinic. The poor passengers are left with no choice but to use whatever is given to them   
 Currently i am in tvm railway station, today train no 56701 train late by 26mins.in trv station while taking ticket, ticket counter employee before train came telling train already left from trv. Again while we asking he shouting with bad words. I not sure about the employee name he have lot of bred. Check why he treating passengers like this.He speaking like mental. Please take him to hospital and give treatment. He is not capable to work on a govt service sector.   
 Need urgent help, i am in swarn jayanti exp-12781 which just departed from the agra station. As i already had confirmed ticket for 12641- pnr - [protected]. But the train was 2.30 hrs late so we were suggested by t. T @agra station to take other train as i am travelling with 2 elder person. On there suggestion they ask us to buy general ticket with assurance that it can be upgraded in sl class with giving differences in fair. We did the same. Once we boarded the train the 2 t. T in this train start shouting that why you done this and you need to pay 1300 more for sl class and penalty also. When we told him that with us their are 2 elderly ladies are also there and as per the advice of agra t. T we boarded the train and we are agree to pay difference in fare. But that t. T start fighting with me & my husband and was very rude in behaviour and saying that you will pay money or i will deport you from the train and will charge you penalty by saying that you had are without ticket. He snatch the ticket to which i had. Then he said will charge money for 2 tickets & let you sit. He force us too pay the money. The receipt number is 568149. I had issue that if 3 females were travelling n 2 were old how can he behave like this   
 Train was unexpected delay ; try to match the schedule otherwise name may be converted into local train instead of toofan express. So that other people/ passengers willnot suffer the delay by 8 hours. This is routine delay for the train.And when the train has just to arrive at platform no 1 as per display and as per announcement: suddenly it was announced that train will arrive at platform no 3 ; passengers become in hurry: so you are requested to avoid these sudden change of plaform and avoid unnecessary stampede.   
 In train no 18632 (Ajmer ranchi garib nawaz express), coach no s5, started running from 4th november 2017 does not have electricity connection for the fan from the morning of 5th november 2017. I am the passenger travelling from jaipur to ranchi with my family. It's a request to short the issue at the earliest so that the passenger including me and other can enjoy the travelling to their destination.   
 I travelling to train no 12493 pune nzm ac sup exp but my coach is a2 and seat no 43 and coach is very dusty nd my seat not clean tea n food n my seat mosquito in seat many more 2ac compartment this condition i can't believe that compare to 3ac i pay fare almost 50% extra to 2ac n i expect clean coach n seats n bathroom as well pls take a action indianrailway   
 I happened to enter an ac first coach to drop a relative of mine travelling on 4th november, 2017 in train number 12221 pune duronto express. I was appalled and shocked to see the condition of the ac first coach of such a premium train like duronto. One is paying almost 40-50% more than airfare to travel by ac first and was not expecting an old coach with the toilets also in quite a pathetic condition. Not sure how hygienic were those even though only 24 passengers in that coach will use these 4 toilets. I dont think the condition of that old ac first coach was anyways near the expectation of the most premium class of travel that indian railways can offer. Atleast in premium trains like duronto and rajdhani request the authorities to ensure a clean new ac first coach especially when the travel times are 16 -27 hours... So that people keep travelling in trains and not shift to air travel.   
 I booked 2 tickets for mumbai from delhi at 3/11/2017. Money got deducted from the bank bt ticket not booked. Tried all the customer care no available on irctc site not abel to connect single no. More than 5000 rs deducted from my account and i have no idea about my ticket... What railway expects that all the middle class people should have extra money with them to block... And they should wait for the refund and book another ticket and spend double the money for same thing, we even don't know whether by the time money comes back tickets will be available or not or will it be of the same price... Please help me get my money back and get the tickets booked...   
 Parcel/luggage/vp detailsprr no./pwb no.[protected]scalelugguagebooking date[protected]from stationdestination stationrnc-ranchi jn. Consignee name and addressbhaskar kumar singh - aftc dliconsignor name and addressbhaskar kumar singh - aftc dliitem descriptiontotal no. Statusmotor cycle above 60cc and below 350cc1Last loading train no.	18110	last loading stn.	Dli-delhi jn.	Last loading date	01-nov-2017 07:11Status	loaded on train	stn.	Dli-delhi jn.	Status date	01-nov-2017 07:11Last unoading train no.	-	last unoading stn.	-	last unoading date	-I am above individual major bhaskar kumar singh booked parcel my motor cycle but till date not received however i visited several times ranchi railwy parcel even today evening also please look in matter and let me know my mob no [protected] and my email bkspran@gmail.com i will be thankfull to your kind cooperation regards   
 Indian railway is charge of parking in jamnagar rs.15 for two wheeler in jamnagar railway station and rs.10 for two wheeler in hapa railway station so it is very high charges for two wheeler. And any body is parking for few minit for take a railway ticket and any other work he is parking for 10 to 20 minit and he pay this type of charges. I think it is very high for middel class and two wheeler is use most of common men. So take a action.   
 I was travelling from ahmedabad to kanpur central through gorakhpur express train no. 19409 and i forgot to take my polythene bag with gents and ladies chappal. There is one gents chappals of black colour and one ladies shoes off gujraati style.Please find that white polythene bag in train no. 19409 gorakhpur expressAnd call me in these numbers[protected][protected]   
 02 nov 2017Indian railwaysGrievance department Sub: refund of the fare amount for patna bhusaval sector for train no22914 pnr no [protected] date 31.10.2017-/- 01.11.2017Respected sir, I had confirmed iii ac ticket for patna –bhusaval boarding at mughal sarai by train no 22914 bdts humsafar express – on 31 oct 2017 To catch this train at mughal sarai i travelled form mirzapur by kolkatta mail (Mumbai howrah via allahabad) train no 12322 on 31.10.2017 (Ticket no uca[protected]. The train was supposed to arrive at mirzapur @ 21.15. However it was delayed & started form mirzapur 01.40 hrs on 1.11.2017. It reached mughal sarai by 03.20 hrs. By this time 03.20 hrs, humsafar express to bandra terminal via bhusaval had already left.It is very clear that i had missed the train because of late departure / late arrival (Mirzapur to mughal sarai) of kolkatta mail.After missing the train at midnight, in the chilly weather i had to face a lot of inconvenience & delay in arrival at the destination, which resulted in cancellation of appointments & loss of business. I had to travel by unreserved class by ordinary train.I request you to compensate me in a reasonable way The supporting document are enclosed here with 1.	Ticket from mirzapur to mughal sarai (Ticket no uca[protected]2.	Ticket from patna to bhusaval boarding at mughal sarai. (Train no 22914) pnr no [protected] date 31.10.2017-/- 01.11.2017Requesting you to compensate, Rajendra deshpande - [protected]   
 Sir, though railway is working a lot in advancement, its a real shame that basic requirements are still lagging behind. 1) i had to book a tatkal ticket due to irritatingly slow server, website was hanged and i had to miss my interview. Speed can't be an issue as i have internet speed of 40mbps. If railway is so incapable handling the burden of 100 crore indians why don't they ask for private sector to get in.2) you people charge rs. 70 for irctc wallet. What is the use when we cant use it during tatkal booking. I applied for it, poured a 1000 bucks in it and during booking, otp came after 25 mins when all tickets were booked. So now you tell me what will i do with the money i have in wallet. At least in bank i am getting interest on that.3) you people deduct money and it doesn't come back until i write you in mail. You are super active during sucking money from our pockets but too shy when it comes to refundI am sorry to say but its a real shame you people suck our blood so much in the name of taxes and this is the kind of services we get in refund where we cant trust you with our careers like you ruined mine.I know all these writings will go in vain coz i have full trust that it wont even be looked or process bt i have to live with that coz we trusted u with everything. I you have even a little shame, escalate the issue. Its a very important concern of millions if not crores. Tatkal booking has gone worse with time   
 Hi, Pnr no. Sac:996421Train no./name: 19218 / shaurashtra jantaDate of journey: 03-nov-2017	Date of boarding: 04-nov-2017	Class: slpeer classFrom: jamnagar	 (Gujarat)To: virar (Mumbai)Coach = s8Seat no: 39 / 40I am kamlesh vadgama, i came to virar (Mumbai) from jamnagar (Gujrat) in train no: 19218 on today (04-nov-17) morning 4:16 am. I lost my 2 (Two) purse on my seat. Its consist of original adhar card of my and my wife, also cash amount - 5, 000/- Please check and help me to get my purse.My personal details given below:Kamlesh vadgamaC/703, atharva heights, near don bosco church, manvela pada road, mumbai, virar (East)Ph: [protected]/ [protected]   
 Respected sir, I noticing from last 2-3 weeks atvm machines are faulty on middle bridge at elphistone road. One machine wrongly charged 2 times fare deducted from my smart card balance and could not get print out. I complaint 2nd time for that at booking supervisor at foont bridge at elphiston rd. But no one hear my complaint only saying go to middle bridge. Another 2 machines at brigde are also faulty. So i request to pls kindly notice my request and reembrese my money. Other people also get inconveneice for that. Many people could not complaint becuse of time or dont know what to do.Thanking you.   
 I was trying to purchase a ticket from delhi to a jaisalmer at the new delhi railway station and was redirected to the delhi station by one of your employees, who helped me negotiate a tuk tuk which then deposited me at an office that said international tourist bureau, and had what looked like official certificates.They sold me a 15 day railway pass insisting it was impossible to otherwise book on such short notice, charged me 370 usd which they said had to be paid in cash because otherwise they charged a second gst tax of 28%, but assured me that the pass was official and that i was paying tax on it. However, they have never given me the pass, even though i’ve asked, and are booking me in second class. I would have liked to just book the tickets myself and know that i am dealing with an authentic, official government agency. However, the obstacles placed to foreigners to book tickets online without an indian phone number make us easy victims of terrible scams. This has really colored my experience of travelling in india!!!   
 I went to reservation counter for book ticket and park my vehicle outside the office at around 6.40pm of 3rd november 17. The parking keeper demand me to park the vehicle inside only and to pay parking fee, but i refuge to park my vehicle inside.in between one person named himself as police constable but in civil dress involved between us and abused and threatened me that he will arrest me. I am in ayyappa diksha but he used very abused language and heart my religious beliefs. He also told that the parking vendetta should give bribe to railway officials and police. I request you to provide the cc tv footage to submit the fact at appropriate level. If footage not available please furnish the details of parking person and the police constable. If you gone through the ct footage, you can understand what exactly happened on the said occasion.   
 Sir/mam, i m sourav choubey. I was today (03 nov 2017) travelling in train no. 12872 (Ispat express) from manoharpur to tatanagar. But at tatanagar station i lost my trolley in the train. It was faded grean colored and was empty. I was in boggy-d3. The trolley was locked by 3 safety pins because the chain of the trolley was destroyed by me. It was an empty trolley, but please kindly help me out. I would be very thankful to you..   
 Respected sir, I would like to share horrible journey experience i had on 9-oct-2017 by train no. 22642 by sleeper class.All reserved coach were fully packed with unreserved and waitlisted passengers. Even toilet was not spared. Luggage's were dumped in toilets.No place to walk. Senior citizens and ladies who usually prefer lower birth have serious tough time.Tt never came to check the tickets though out my entire journey.Couple of time tt passes through, but never raised any objection.Not sure what railway police role. Scenario was highly unsecured.Request you to do surprise audits on this train. Take necessary action for comfortable journey of passengers.Yours sincerely, Moorthy krishnan. K   
 Jhelum express 11078.Date-02-11-17Lots of corruption in food price. On my e-ticket the price of food mention.. Rs50 veg plate and rs 7 tea cup. But here i got corruption in everything.. Workers give me veg plate-rs 120 & tea - rs 10Please solve it quickely many passanger face it. The behaviour of workers are wrost when we discous about it. I shell be very thankfull if you solve it. Thanku   
 I frequently travel from jaipur double decker, to and fro. Past many months, i am attacked by hidden enemies via social media. I have strong reasons to believe, the serving staff, their supervisor and cleaning staff are conspiring against me for a long time. As i complained for their behaviour and food long time back then they are defaming me among fellow passengers, ticket checker, even plotting false stories with police against me that i am without ticket and others. Kindly take strictest of action against this team working in jaipur double decker. As its unbelievable how dare they can threaten a passenger. On my face they are nice but most of them except new staff the old group is of goons and how such people can be permitted to work in luxury train of this nature. If you care for your passenger safety then act against them in cancelling their licenses as soon as possible.   
 I was travelling in 18464 prasanthi express from sspn to samalkot on 31 oct 2017 in coach no s 2. I was traveling with my parents when we are crossing nandhayala it was found that my father was missing, immediately i was reported to t. C, the response from him was very appreciable, he acted like his own family member was missing, he too looked around the all the coaches then he was helped to get in touch with rpf and he send the message to station master and made some calls for better service. At finally his support along with rpf nadhalyala we could trace my father next day around 9 am. I was so grateful his service. Unfortunately i dont know his contact number or his name i would like to express my gratitude to him, i also request railways for his contact number to wish.RegardsBhaskar[protected]   
 Sir/madam i booked a online tatkalticket from irctc appBut at last minute my ticket as cancelled and my amount as settled from indian bankOn other day i see at my refund transaction detailsI see that my refund amount status as passedBut more then 5 to 7 days as gone no refund amount as transfer to my bank accountBut few days back i see in my refund transaction details in irctc site there my amount as refunded to paytmag bank But i don't have any account in paytmag bankIn paytmag site there is written that i have to complaint to irctc. Care that's why i written a complaintMy transaction id 100001023917699Date of journey 23-10-2017From ltt to ald inTransfer amount 2025And refund amount also 2025   
 Respected sir/mam,  On 27/10/2017, i was with my family (5) in train no. 07005/hyb rxl spl with eticket and original id. These ticket and id showed to the squad but they demand all passenger id, that time me, my father and my sister showed original id but they not satisfied and charge extra amount on two passengers.  Sir/mam please look into the matter, chalan no. (680157)   
 My name is saju george, i lost my wallet while travelling from to coimbatore to tiruvananthapuram. I found it missing as immediately as i boarded the train. The details of the docs missing are given below.1. Voter id - tjx02530962. Pan card3. Atm card4. Driving licence Also kept in the wallet was some important bills. I'm desperately in need of these documents. Please take any necessary action.My information Saju george Palamkuzhy. HousePuthu mala. P. O Pathanamthitta.Pin.691554Mob - [protected] Saju. Mon32@yahoo.in   
 Hello, I have sent my bike through railway parcel services from pune to katpadi on 25-10-2017. Still today (30-10-2017), i have not received my bike to the destination station. The authorities in pune are not giving proper answer.Please let me now what should be done.Receipt number for pune bill book: 958811Gst ac no: 27aaagm0289c221ThanksDeepu   
 My parents had to travel from delhi to una himachal on 01 nov 17 by train no 14553 in 2ac at birth no a1 17 and 18. They were waiting from 2130 hrs at old delhi railway station at platform no 14 as the display board was showing that train no 14553 will come on platform no 14. But at last train came at platform no 15 and it left the station. And along with my parents so many other passengers missed thier train. My complaint is that who is responsible for this and what about the fare and inconvenience.   
 Dear sir,  I am reserve e ticket tatkal but not confirm and my otp vikalp not send any massage my pnr no [protected]. And transaction id [protected]. Iam travelling with my sick dad and senior citizen. And i choose other train for travelling and i pay to tc fine as per rule but tc not allot berth and he give a birth other person for some unknow money. I attach a photo of ticket and fine received. Please take action   
 Dear sir, I booked 2 cartoon boxes vide railway prr no. [protected] on 10th october 2017 from gaya to new delhi. It had been loaded into train no. 12397 mahabodhi express. But till now it has not reached at new delhi. Slr was opened and no parcel was inside. The boxes contained costly items was to used before deepawali. Due to not reached of item i got a huge loss. Please help me find out the material or get it delivered at new delhi.My contact details are as under...Santosh kumarMail id - sam3334@rediffmail.com   
 Dear sir, I am raju kumar soni, i am travel with 12557 (Sapt karanti) on 30/10/2017 form nke to anvt, but i have not conform ticket so, i travel with pantry car, i seen may be 70 to 73 people travel in pantry car, Pantry manager tack @ 1, 000 r. S, i told team i have not conform ticket and i already give fine to ticket collector, But in sleeper coach space not available, In this way they are earn 70k to 1, 00, 000 per trip, in this work, include tte, station staff, rpf I only say please tack necessary action so, all person take ticket ya fine as per railway   
 I am a regular passanger of the train kochuveli amritsar express. It is known as superfast, but there is no use becz it stops at regular intervals and allow passing of other local trains... It always running late (Every week).. The punctuality is very poor.. The speed is also poor.. So i decided to quit this train due to its poor performance..Thank you   
 Roque monteiroM-260, krantinagar, J. S. S. Road, Girgaon, Mumbai – 4.Date : 31st oct. 2017 Sub : no ticket checkers on mangalore express ever in my 4 years of journeyDear sir / madam, I travelled on 12th oct. 2017 by mangalore express (Train no 12133) to goa, no t. C. Entered in our compartment to check our tickets. Also in my 4-5 times of travelling in this same train, i am yet to see a t. C. Come to check our tickets.In panvel a group of people entered our compartment with mats and papers and slept in the passage, aisle and toilet area which made it very difficult for my mother to go over them in the night. My mom is diabetic and she needs to frequent the toilet. Just understand how difficult it was to us and also the co-passengers. The very fact that these people are coming prepared with mats and paper shows that they do no fear the tc coming as it is become routine for them now since they too are aware of tc not coming in this train. I have sent you a photocopy of my ticket which shows that my ticket was never checked, i wished i had preserved the previous tickets too.I am posting this copy to mid-day publication too with the intention they publish this as an article.….. Roqeu monteiro   
 Respected sir, Train no. -04035 is very very late. I know this is a special train, but sir there should be limitation for late. It is late by 14hours right now and increasing late timing every hour.Train no-04035What is this? You are not taking any action against this. This train is getting late every hour.Please it's my humble request, look at this on highest priority.Please work in it.Please look into this matter.Thanks   
 Train No. 14321 is delayed by 11hrs today. Scheduled departure is 06:00 and expected departure is 17: ticket is a e-ticket so when should i file TDR for full refund?
 0,Train No. 14321 is delayed by 11hrs today. Scheduled departure is 06:00 and expected departure is 17: ticket is a e-ticket so when should i file TDR for full refund?,Commercial,,,,1,0,14321.0,,2018-03-04T23:14:11
1,train no 12859 gitanjali exp coach no S3 both toilets towards bearth no 72 are blocked and conditions of coach are pathetic my pnr no is8302896978.pls do needful thanks,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12859.0,,2018-03-04T20:41:28
2,"waiting for train on platform 2, kacheguda station with hundreds of other travelers and staff is cleaning the platform with jet water. How can we stand on the platform?",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T19:49:15
3,Indian rail kab time par chalegi,Operations,,,Negative,1,0,,,2018-03-04T18:56:55
4,Traveling with dirty seat with reserved ticket in sleeper coach...wow what a disgusting experience...!!,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,0,,,2018-03-04T18:40:53
5,Mobile is stolen from train no 11072 Kamayani express PNR:2822415661 Do something if u can. Contact no- 93996 68140.  Lost number- 96179 03821   #IndianRailway  #RailwayMinister,Security,,,,1,0,11072.0,2822415661.0,2018-03-04T18:25:28
6,Everyday delay of train no 15282 between mne and shc,Operations,,,,1,0,15282.0,,2018-03-04T18:05:43
7,"Despite having a reserved seat in train No. -12730(NED -PUNE SF Express), a person started to molest and abuse. Please help    Seat no. S-6 (64)",Security,,,,1,1,12730.0,,2018-03-04T18:00:16
8,when ticket bought online remains in waitlist n gets automatically cancelled y half the price is deducted... Y v have to suffer financially,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-03-04T17:57:06
9,The condition of toilet in upper class waiting room...at femous railway station... Sawai Madhopur... femous for tiger paintings on its walls,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,0,,,2018-03-04T17:37:20
10,If we are paying 6400 Rs for 3 seats in AC and 2 seats in RC confirmed then why facilities provided for one seats only.... Train No 12541 PNR No 2605398750,Commercial,,,Negative,1,0,12541.0,2605398750.0,2018-03-04T17:18:24
11,I made a Booking for my father but mistakenly I put the name wrong. Can we correct the name now,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-03-04T17:15:04
12,Worst experience. Rats in train. Why we are opting trains instead of bus.  #ratintrain,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,0,,,2018-03-04T17:13:53
13,this is the condition of infian railway please notice almost 18 hours late,Operations,,,Negative,1,0,,,2018-03-04T17:12:45
14,"Now a days it is very pathetic to travel in Indian railway, I was traveling from lko to Chd, but I didn't get a single chance to sit on my seat what I booked for, there were passengers who were only sitting in lower seat, I asked TC regrdng sme but all waste",Security,,,Negative,1,0,,,2018-03-04T17:07:41
15,"Dear Sir, If any train like Kashivishwanath Express no.14257/14258 is delayed for six hours everyday, then why train time should not be rescheduled by six hour?",Operations,,,Negative,1,0,14257.0,,2018-03-04T16:59:37
16,"You have to live with this fucking railways, this will not change never it will come on time",Operations,,,Negative,1,0,,,2018-03-04T16:43:13
17,Pnr 2605379192 Pinching object like nail found on seat.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2605379192.0,2018-03-04T16:37:23
18,Piyush Goyal train saryuyamuna express 14650 late by 10 hours this train get late on every trip as last trip also late by 14 hours. Please look after this,Operations,,,Negative,1,,14650.0,,2018-03-04T16:36:34
19,food kept safely on plat form no4 at Kalyan Junction before arrival of Punjab mail 0840pm. Kept near rat hole covered with sweaty shirt of caterer.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T16:31:20
20,food kept safely on plat form no4 at Kalyan Junction before arrival of Punjab mail. Kept near rat hole covered with sweaty shirt of caterer.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T16:28:49
21,food kept safely on plat form no4 at Kalyan Junction before arrival of Punjab mail. Kept near rat hole covered with sweaty shirt of caterer.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T16:27:44
22,"Dakshin express travelling towards Delhi has GS coach blocked by Army recruits. General public travelling on Holi weekend suffering a lot. Please do the needful. Illegal blocking for their own convenience, trbling poor public",Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T16:14:33
23,He is traveling from train urgent help is required he is traveling alone #indianrailway,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T16:04:36
24,"Dear sir my brother is facing severe stomach pain from train his contact no. 9999886253 or 9899787081 PNR-2243313859 Trn:12310 Dt:04-03-2018 Frm NDLS to PNBE Cls:3A P1-B6,71",Security,,,,1,1,12310.0,9999886253.0,2018-03-04T16:00:39
25,"I would like to request you all if you all are not able to run existed train on time then why you are are thinking about bullet and super fast train , So please focus on work instead of lying in front of innocent people those who are faithing on your words...",Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T15:58:52
26,please provide dustbin facility in all sleeper coaches to avoid people from throwing garbage on track.,Maintenance,,,Suggestion,1,,,,2018-03-04T15:29:52
27,"When u book a tkt on irctc app, they don't give u the desired seat and deduct the money from ur acn even while they don't give u the tkt.",Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-03-04T15:20:50
28,"Pnr-6411989109 ,SE1-21, 18237 Gaurav Ojha Travel from AGRA CANTT TO AMBALA CANTT No TICKET COLLECTORS came for check tickets and unreserved people’s travel with reserved seats & we all are suffering from problems. They turned reservation coches to general coches.",Security,,,,1,1,18237.0,6411989109.0,2018-03-04T14:59:53
29,"can we expect the same kind of PF number indication boards at KVR on all PF's? 4 on each PF i.e., 12 in Total?",Operations,,,Suggestion,1,0,,,2018-03-04T14:59:25
30,"PNR:4440041495,TRAIN:19567,DOJ:04-03-18 Balasabareesh NR. I could not be able to board at booked station due to personal reason and unable to change the boarding point as well at this point of time. Will be boarding at Madurai Jn. Help me with this.",Misc,,,,1,1,19567.0,4440041495.0,2018-03-04T14:57:16
31,Fan is not working in Coach S3 of train #12760. It's too hot to handle. PNR:4759843442,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12760.0,4759843442.0,2018-03-04T14:50:10
32,"महोदय,  TCकेद्वारा500₹कारिश्वतलेनेकाशिकायत, हमारापरिवारअचानकइमरजेंसीमेंटिकिटनिकलवायाजिसमेएकछोटीबहनकोFEMALEकीजगहमेलकरदिया,इसछोटीगलतीकेलिएहमारेपरिवारकोजबरन1000₹कीमांगकीगईफिरबादमें500₹वसूलागया।",Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T14:44:29
33,: Such a shame - # 18518 B1 coach AC doesn't turn on! People are getting fried #Worst service # Indian_Railways,Maintenance,,,,1,1,18518.0,,2018-03-04T14:37:37
34,pnr 6411989109 AGC-UMB people’s travelling in reserved class with no tickets from MTJ. No one came for verification for tickets of that people’s. Kindly send to remove these people’s to general class.,Security,,,,1,1,,6411989109.0,2018-03-04T14:28:59
35,"Special"" Train 04435 LKO-ANVT , we moved 30 kms from Lucknow since 5 hours!! i hope can reach Home by Diwali at this pace :(",Operations,,,,1,1,4435.0,,2018-03-04T14:11:38
36,"Sir,  I am travelling in train no. 04435 and my pnr no. is 2243238794. This train is running extremely late and we all passangers have no idea what the issue is. This is extremely anoying and sad. We need help.",Operations,,,,1,1,4435.0,2243238794.0,2018-03-04T14:02:55
37,wht d hail is going on in reserv. coach of 14043. My family left on last ptform due to overcrowd. Waiting 4 apprt action.,Security,,,,1,1,14043.0,,2018-03-04T13:47:55
38,"Sir, I am traveling in train no. 04435, my PNR no. Is 2243238794. This train is running very late and there is no communication for the delay. This is extremely sad that still our railway system is in such pathetic state.",Operations,,,,1,1,4435.0,2243238794.0,2018-03-04T13:40:59
39,My berth trvlng from nasik to ltt PNR NO.4862065513. Tadoba express. Where to seat . No response on clean my coach,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,4862065513.0,2018-03-04T13:37:34
40,sir pnr 8701842274 sharing RAC with an unknown lady till delhi....Now can you arrange to change my or her seat so atleast we can rest because in current situation it will be difficult to even seat properly for whole journey.thanks,Commercial,,,,1,1,,8701842274.0,2018-03-04T13:36:31
41,I have cancelled my e- ticket of train 15013 as train is running late by more than 5 hours. I shall get 100 prcnt refund for this . Following are my details: PNR NO : 2343048085 Transaction Id : 100001171719619,Commercial,,,,1,,15013.0,2343048085.0,2018-03-04T13:35:21
42,sir pnr 8701842274 sharing RAC with an unknown lady till delhi....Now can you arrange to change my or her seat so atleast we can rest because in current situation it will be difficult to even seat properly for whole journey.thanks,Commercial,,,,1,1,,8701842274.0,2018-03-04T13:34:44
43,"Train no. & name: 12780/Goa Express Journey Date: 4-March-2018 Upcoming stations: Bhandari,Gwalior Jn, PNR No.:2824018964 Seat no: SL8 49-52 Please fix mobile phone charging point. have to travel over 32 hours. Train staff denied to fix.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12780.0,2824018964.0,2018-03-04T13:25:20
44,.on board Tak express from gwl to Feb.female in distress . carrying a small child.please someone help,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T13:24:44
45,"17488 stopped at NBM , CU for no reason. Is this express or passenger?",Operations,,,,1,1,17488.0,,2018-03-04T13:18:05
46,"During 2003 Godavari pushkarams it was confirmed by you that the compound wall on PF1 at KVR would be completed. It's 2018, which is almost 15 years. 2015 pushkarams went off. Still no progress. Address the challenge.",Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T12:54:01
47,unauthorised 6 passengrers in 22830 birth no.26 and 32. misbeaviour by tc mr. akhilesh singhai.,Security,,,,1,1,22830.0,,2018-03-04T12:44:15
48,"when asked to stop more express Trains at KVR, commercial justification comes into picture. What reason will u give for Mas-hwh coromandal, puri-ypr g.rath expresses stopped for no signal at KVR today,",Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T12:43:15
49,Even shatabdhi trains don't have functionals AC ... Shame!!!,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,1/0,,,2018-03-04T12:30:16
50,"Dear sir, Trains are too late, train no.12410. Very pathetic journey.",Operations,,,,1,1,12410.0,,2018-03-04T12:07:02
51,sir no water in D1 train no 17325,Maintenance,,,,1,1,17325.0,,2018-03-04T12:01:52
52,"trains are running late for more than 12 hours . No water no sanitation and no apologies.. is this ""sabka sath sabka Vikas"".. railway has become junkyard #TRN12562",Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T11:42:56
53,This happens very frequently these days and bcoz of officials on board who never tried to solve this situation . Currently traveling to Hyderabad from Mumbai. 17031 and it's a same situation ..,Maintenance,,,,1,1,17031.0,,2018-03-04T11:39:22
54,"PNR8202982867 MAO to LTTS is delayed by more than 8 hrs. Depending on this train, my friend has booked ticket in PNR8425228897 BCT to ADI. How can he get full refund?",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-04T11:39:18
55,I want to know that how many more years will you take to make fly over at JAUNPUR city station.,Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T11:36:23
56,I am traveling in Train no. 19032 yoga Expressway from Haridwar to Ghaziabad. Coach B2 seat no 13 & 14. It has been more than 1 hour since Train has departed but attendant has not provided is bedsheets.. even he is not available in the coach.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,19032.0,,2018-03-04T11:14:52
57,"No cleaning of coach even after requesting 10 times to railway staff.! It’s irritating. Currently at Madgaon station. Plz take action sir.! Train no: 02198, Coach No: B1, Seat No 17-24.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,2198.0,,2018-03-04T11:06:38
58,When will depart 03562 Also who will update right information in ntes??,Operations,,,,1,1,3562.0,,2018-03-04T11:05:52
59,How can we get connected to a customer service representative on 139?,Misc,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T11:02:09
60,139 seems to be. Non sense. Correct PNR entered 3 times. It says wrong PNR entered. Call not getting connected to executive. What kind of service is this?,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-03-04T10:56:55
61,either be on time else don't regret for the inconvenience every time in your announcement . No one likes to hear your sorry for the inconvenience.,Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T10:34:23
62,train 22476 PNR no 4761701392 difficult to locate attendant.waiting to get bedding.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,22476.0,4761701392.0,2018-03-04T10:23:04
63,train 22476 PNR no 4761701392 difficult to locate attendant.waiting to get bedding.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,22476.0,4761701392.0,2018-03-04T10:22:18
64,RT  RT  Complaint not solved even after 1 hour,Misc,,,Negative,1,1,,,2018-03-04T10:09:34
65,Complaint not solved even after 1 hour,Misc,,,Negative,1,1,,,2018-03-04T10:08:27
66,No attendent in train no 19046 no pillow no bed sheet pnr no 2724010765,Maintenance,,,,1,1,19046.0,2724010765.0,2018-03-04T09:10:46
67,"Hello, i m waiting for train number 05527 (Darbhanga-Anandvihar spl) the train already rescheduled two times(13:00 and 14:00 hrs resp.) but now status of the train is that train is not started. May i know the reason.",Operations,,,,1,1,5527.0,,2018-03-04T09:01:51
68,please conform train no. 15025 current running status....,Operations,,,,1,1,15025.0,,2018-03-04T08:26:33
69,AAP ki train ki kya halt ha AAP logo Ko pata ha.  toilet Ki Safai bilkul Bhi Nahi Hai. Pani Ki price to Man Marji ki late hai Train number 12975,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12975.0,,2018-03-04T08:15:14
70,without any strong incident poorva superfast xpress new delhi to howrah 12304 late in about 5 hours. Shame on you indian railway. Fucking indian railway..,Operations,,,,1,,12304.0,,2018-03-04T08:08:10
71,thanks for the wonderful service....for no reason the super fast train 12217 is running 3.30 Hrs late..u owe us refund for this delayed service..,Operations,,,,1,,12217.0,,2018-03-04T08:06:29
72,"Train no 12304 New Delhi Howrah Poorva express. Train is being halted after every 15 minutes. Don't U find, that People who r travelling by this train have any importance of time. Plz don't waste people money on Bullet train Show. 1st Repair the existing system.",Operations,,,,1,1,12304.0,,2018-03-04T08:05:53
73,Train no.-12203  This train always late atleast 10 hours.,Operations,,,Negative,1,,12203.0,,2018-03-04T08:01:54
74,charged 110 catering in duronto sleeper for 1 lunch and water bottle. Plz explain fare details,Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T07:56:21
75,Train no 13136 has not yet started from it's source station i.e. Jaynagar.Train is running 2 Hrs late from its source station.Pls look into it,Operations,,,,1,1,13136.0,,2018-03-04T07:53:12
76,"12435 DBRT Rajdhani Exp running 43 hrs but pasengers get only 2 bottle ( 1 Ltr Each ) in all journey from Dbrt To Delhi ,so requesting kindly increase some more water to passengers ,my PNR #6511826558.  Thanks & Regards Selvaraj",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12435.0,6511826558.0,2018-03-04T07:49:44
77,"Some of us are not fluent in Hindi. Still, we can manage the show. But, call center person categorically insisted on Hindi and disconnected the call abruptly / unceremoniously.  …",Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T07:47:14
78,respected sir my pnr is 4338010824 I found out that charging plug is not working properly so please fix it as soon as possible so I can charge my phone. Thanks,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,4338010824.0,2018-03-04T07:31:44
79,"pathetic cleaning services in A1 coach of Jhelum express 11078. My PNR is 2443064491, A1, 19 Dt of journey 03-03-2018. No cleaning in coach except air freshener spray once.The coach attendant is also a goon and misbehaves with passengers, made the 2 AC coach Gen.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,11078.0,2443064491.0,2018-03-04T07:27:36
80,how i can resolve my online tkt booking issue if customer care not responding by call or mail. My txn id 100001179295451 and trying continue last 3hrs.,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-04T06:59:46
81,"So dirty in Mughalsarai in train no 12488 coach no s7 seat no 49, no water for washing hand",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12488.0,,2018-03-04T06:58:36
82,"Booked tatkal ticket PNR 8603036371, 75 yrs, requested lower birth. Allotted SU. (104 available out of 110+seats) Is this ""Great service"" to sr. ctzs. Callcenter available after 25 mins Hindi only disgusting",Commercial,,,,1,1,,8603036371.0,2018-03-04T06:55:58
83,Train from baruani to Anand vihar such a long route train doesn't have Power supply for its fan and charging pots.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-04T06:53:48
84,kindly check the application it is getting crashed while adding passenger details ..I was about to book tatkal and it crashed multiple times and i missed the ticket it's pathetic,Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T05:51:13
85,Train no.19420. Toilet not good. Very bad smell. Ahmd to chennai train. No cup in toilet. I am new to tweet. Sorry if anything unofficial. Thank you sir.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,19420.0,,2018-03-04T05:35:21
86,12439_Rnc_ndls_Rajdhani_express worst_catering_no_cleaniness,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T05:13:46
87,look at the pic B6 12431 how u pol can be so advance I m in train now 6/3/18 pets control done n 2day is 4 mar maroge kya hume,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,1,12431.0,,2018-03-04T05:13:27
88,"Sir, I m travelling from pali Marwar to boriwalli my bag was mistaken by other person's they depart at surat my train no.12479 surynagri exp s3 seat no. 14.other pasenger who mistaken my bag.. His seat no. 10 11 13 Pnr no. 2719415952so want their contact no.",Security,,,,1,1,12479.0,,2018-03-04T04:35:53
89,"Hi,im doctor travelling in 18624,train late by 4 hrs,no water or tea vendor in hi boggy",Maintenance,,,,1,1,18624.0,,2018-03-04T03:46:09
90,"PNR- 4762059070 Mangla Exp. Cigerrate packets, cups and stinking garbage, this is what we get in AC compartment. Asked the TT if anyone can come to clean it. But he just gave me a blunt look and walked off.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,4762059070.0,2018-03-04T02:57:32
91,The most fuckedup railwayCharging doubleamount&calling a nonac compartment firstclass.Last you could do is mention. We should be ashamed investing so muchtax& GST. Now we know where the railwaybudget goes. Bullshit #ashamed,Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-04T02:38:12
92,could a passenger will arrive from front to back just for 1 single 1 GS coach in just two minutes... Azad Hind Express - 12130 The passengers were bound to travel in Sleeper coach with UR ticket..,Misc,,,Negative,1,,12130.0,,2018-03-04T02:15:26
93,"Worst Rajdhani train experience, no cleaning, no washer, flush not working. TRAIN:12454,DOJ:03-03-18, B9. No action from last 15 hrs.",Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,12454.0,,2018-03-04T01:57:17
94,I am in 18621 Patliputra express and there is no water available in 2 tier ac compartment...,Maintenance,,,,1,1,18621.0,,2018-03-04T00:07:07
95,Only Rajbhani trains can be r7n on time on kolkata new delhi route. Others are like kachra gadhi for railways.,Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-03T23:55:45
96,"I booked shatabdi gzb -cnb for amount 1760/- (2passengers), cancelled next day.. Got msg : PNR 2143127246 ticket cancelled, Amt 1380 will be refunded in your a/c with in 3-4 days. Q1. Why 380/- deducted? Q2. No refund till 4/3/18.",Commercial,,,,1,,,2143127246.0,2018-03-03T20:52:03
97,we are traveling through 15014 in coach s1 and currently on mordabad station .There are people travelling in coach without reservation and no officer is available.,Security,,,,1,1,15014.0,,2018-03-03T19:08:03
98,"No bedding provided and no attendant, please help pnr no 8601525039. Shaktipunj express 11447 currently running.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,11447.0,8601525039.0,2018-03-03T18:34:54
99,why bedrol not provided to RAC passengers. I have 6 RAC tickets but olny 3 bedrol provided despite asking so many times. Train no 13351. Journey started from KATPADI on 3.3.2018.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,13351.0,,2018-03-03T17:55:35
100,Very dirty and Ac is not working at Agra Cantt....It's not looks like a first class waiting room..,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-03T17:32:07
101,A boy and a girl who meet for the first time forced to share a bed for two nights. Thanks to Indian railways. TT says he got nothing to do with it. Thank you or good riddance?  #indianrailways #RACberths #plightofanindian    #help,Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-03T17:29:59
102,with due respect at least please ask Concern to share information if train getting delay train no 22420,Operations,,,,1,1,22420.0,,2018-03-03T17:29:22
103,"Stinking toilets,disfunctional - soap dispenser,hand blower, reading lights well done IR Countries most premier train 12314 Coach A3",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12314.0,,2018-03-03T17:25:53
104,Hi sir i was travelling in kissan express(14519) & i paid twice of passenger tarin for the same but the experience of this train is really pathetic because it got halt of 40 mins at shergarh a small station to cross a already late passenger train(54043) ????why,Operations,,,,1,,14519.0,,2018-03-03T17:24:22
105,Travelling from 22433 and it's continously getting late and there is no announcement being made at the,Operations,,,,1,1,22433.0,,2018-03-03T17:10:40
106,",    Sir since lot of accidents happen it is difficult to assess what was the issue or reason. Why can't railway install camera which can capture both driver and also tracks. In case of accidents we can verify the video.",Operations,,,Suggestion,1,,,,2018-03-03T16:18:23
107,this is the condition of indian rly...who the hell will travel. so much unpunctual,Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-03T16:02:29
108,855661978 S12 coach is very bad smell can't able to sit,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-03T16:01:25
109,8556661978 Coach no s12 is very bad smell not cleaned properly,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,8556661978.0,2018-03-03T16:00:08
110,Dear sir/mam I have booked my parcel but still not received now.. From old delhi to Hajipur. Name of booking Prashant kumar jha(P.K Jha) PRR no- 4000-731265 Date of booking 26-02-2018,Misc,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-03T15:53:03
111,"Train 57274 Tirupati Hubli Train running very late today almost 1:30 minuets late running.Most of the time this train reaching Hubli very late. Pl respect common passengers Time  Because this train not having AC coach , most of the passengers are middle class",Operations,,,,1,,57274.0,,2018-03-03T15:44:58
112,Emergency 12307 jodhpur howrah For need help doctor coach no. S. 10 seat no 25 Pnr 6707687374,Security,,,,1,1,12307.0,6707687374.0,2018-03-03T15:15:26
113,12397 is being late without ny reason.dont know y.its taking 1 hr to cover 13 km seriously stupidity indian rly   for albd station,Operations,,,,1,1,12397.0,,2018-03-03T15:15:20
114,"Even after many verbal and written complaints, my refunds are due since a year. A refund of Rs.1575,Rs448+Rs.448 for my airtel app+Irctc refundof Rs 2800 is pending. When I am going to get all these refunds. It's high time listening to the excuses.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T14:53:27
115,"Boarding At :SVDate Of Boarding :03-Mar-2018Reservation Up to :LKO Scheduled Departure :01:30 Hrsmy name is sonal last night my train train has late 4 hour so I change the train and I register tdr irtc site. Plz refund my money, now I have no reply yet.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T14:07:38
116,#stopharrasing   at Dadar Dadar-virar train platform is changed daily from 5 to 7 no. Making commuters run. Why trouble. PF 5 is best and convenient for all.,Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-03T14:00:49
117,Hello Sir..There is No Good Service in the train..No water supply.. Passenger are in Problm.. Please take the action.. Train Number-22982 General Coach..12403,Maintenance,,,,1,1,22982.0,,2018-03-03T13:45:23
118,Everyday 59075 surat - bhusawal is delayed between jalgaon and bhusawal unnecessarily. As express like 11061 and 11071 are late and after these trains the passenger comes. This cost too much time to the passengers who daily up-down between jalgaon and bhusawal,Operations,,,,1,,59075.0,,2018-03-03T13:29:59
119,No light no fan in train no.55769 Malda- Katihar passenger....it's terrible....,Maintenance,,,,1,1,55769.0,,2018-03-03T13:24:19
120,IR are out of engines here...i am sitting in train no 14203 at Varanasi and all the passengers are in the train frm last one hour for any available engine to let the train start from its source.Hoping i will reach home today only.,Operations,,,,1,1,14203.0,,2018-03-03T12:39:52
121,We are a family of 8 (5 adults and 3 kids). We are travelling together from Amritsar to Delhi Please advise how we can get all the seats in a sequence together,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T12:39:03
122,Sir please look into the matter it's almost 1 month no action from IRCTC  I have lost my money in tatkal.  If no action will be taken I will lost my faith in Indian railways,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T12:26:37
123,"sir I am traveling from jaunpur in train no 19408 in coach no B 2 with family with PNR No. 2500785342, Toilet is highly unhygienic n dirty. Pls help.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,19408.0,2500785342.0,2018-03-03T12:23:02
124,"pnr-2240803705, s12 no electricity, no fan please help. It's very hot here",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2240803705.0,2018-03-03T12:01:13
125,3 hours passed. No action taken yet.,Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-03T11:05:50
126,Please check the ticket in general coach of 12916 Asharma Express. Some people have lots of goods and baggage and occupied the more space.,Security,,,,1,1,12916.0,,2018-03-03T10:30:41
127,even after repeated complaint. No addressal. Ac not working. Temp. inside coach unbearable at 2:00 pm . Coach is old & dirty. Where does our taxes goes?? Train no 14265/ A1/ 43 journey date 3-3-2018,Maintenance,,,,1,1,14265.0,,2018-03-03T10:09:02
128,PNR 6508736344 CNF tkt of train no.-12823 degraded from 2ac to 3rd without any reason. Please calrify. Also confirm have i travel in 3rd ac and what about charges paid for 2ac,Commercial,,,,1,,12823.0,6508736344.0,2018-03-03T08:53:12
129,PNR 650873644 CNF tkt of train no.-12823 degraded from 2ac to 3rd without any reason. Please calrify. Also confirm have i travel in 3rd ac and what about charges paid for 2ac,Commercial,,,,1,,12823.0,,2018-03-03T08:49:30
130,i have lost almost 9000 rs of my tickets.please help me with  vacation was also spoiled as i missed the train because of railways fault,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T08:37:15
131,please reopen my case with irctc and indian railway.i lost my train because of my first train late .but in TDR reason list there is no such condition for claim,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T08:35:35
132,Hi all please look into my matter .bi have missed my train on 28th jan 2018 from New delhi to katra because i couldn't reached delhi as my train from kanpur to anandvihar 12249was late by 9 hrs . I have lost my ticket amt,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T08:34:30
133,Sir matters are only being noted and forwarded. No action has been done till now.,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T08:28:26
134,1 hour passed. But no action taken by,Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-03T08:18:40
135,"shall the passenger not sleep, waiting for the order for food to be taken.. and u nvr know when he turns up. what a service",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-03T08:12:38
136,i have to travel to jabalpur from rourkela .do i have any direct train in summer,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T08:00:34
137,i m travelling by train no. 14266.  Which standing from 12:10 at antu station there are no announcement or update are available. Please give the proper reason behind the train running late by its schedule time.,Operations,,,,1,1,14266.0,,2018-03-03T07:47:35
138,PNR 4341700329. There is no cleaning in A/C coach. It's so dirty and disgusting. The helpline numbers in coach don't work. There is no water in restrooms or basins. Pathetic service.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,4341700329.0,2018-03-03T07:20:02
139,"Darbhanga railway enquiry is wrost.. and their satff is so so rude.. they have not Mainers to how to talk to passenger. When he super upset. I m super upset and i said please help. Then he said ""Hum tumhre naukar hain kya"" . Please do some actoin..",Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T07:19:02
140,My transaction has been failed. But my money is debited. Been trying to talk to you for more than 3 days no reponse. I need my money immediately,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T07:14:45
141,"PNR: 8165021664 very very dirty unusable toilets, passengers with waiting tickets need urgent assistance",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,8165021664.0,2018-03-03T07:13:24
142,I am travelling in 14321 it's already 20 hour late now it's stop in every station between delhi to rewari why?  Can railway return my express charge,Operations,,,,1,1,14321.0,,2018-03-03T06:17:36
143,"Terrible experience in  , encounter rats, bugs via travelling Malani exp Ac2 ( blt to dli)",Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-03T06:14:25
144,is d gurgaon railway station staff lost?? Only 1 staff to vend tickets!!,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T04:18:57
145,22472- y express train made passenger?? Reason for delay over 30 mts!!,Operations,,,,1,,22472.0,,2018-03-03T04:15:37
146,"Without information Train running late continued, came two and half hour late, destination also getting late. Pnr:4242105303, train no. 16316",Operations,,,,1,1,16316.0,4242105303.0,2018-03-03T03:40:26
147,"Railway pantry charges 100 rupees for a thali of 50 rupees. This is insane. Why there is no control over it. Even when, asked for a bill, they provide this bill quite confidently. Please look into the matter.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T03:36:34
148,pathetic situation in train. No water. No cleaning staff. PNR 4341700329,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,4341700329.0,2018-03-03T03:05:10
149,16031 Andaman express B1 all 4 toilets looks like not cleaned from Chennai till jalandhar. And we aim to compete with global railways in speed and service. IR is really in pathetic and sorry state.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,16031.0,,2018-03-03T03:01:26
150,"Today morning I booked a ticket for 17th may 18, through the irctc app. But the tkt dosent display in my bookings nor did I receive any sms, but the any got deducted from my account.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-03T03:00:31
151,12540 Lucknow to Yeswantpur running 4h 30 m late yet to reach satna god knows when Train will arrive who is responsible for passenger trouble    #Railways #bullettraindream #pmo we don’t want bullet train atleast run existing train on time,Operations,,,,1,1,12540.0,,2018-03-03T02:39:02
152,"train no 22653, the charging port in reservation coach s1 is not working.. Please repair it as fast as possible as we hav to travel to kota which is too far.. We need to charge our fons.. PNR NO. 4553692296",Maintenance,,,,1,1,22653.0,4553692296.0,2018-03-03T01:55:55
153,I have booked a wrong ticket for my journey as I met with an accident and unable to walk much can anyone Pls help me getting a proper ticket 16231 train no. Currently I'm sitting on the train,Security,,,,1,1,16231.0,,2018-03-02T20:56:19
154,train no 12834 is late 1:30 hour..that's ok..side lower seat .one side is 2 inch higher than other side...how can anyone sleep...,Operations,,,,1,1,12834.0,,2018-03-02T20:25:20
155,Even Railway does not have a secured portal for RRB application. NO SSL CERTIFICATE. It is easy for an attacker to create pishing page.,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T19:01:51
156,"Again I m requesting   kindly replace old technology coaches wid new LHB coaches in 12267 and 12268. even after paying rubbish dynamic charge, passenger don't get comfort. This is d 1st duronto of country. And still having old technology coaches.",Maintenance,,,,1,,12267.0,,2018-03-02T18:34:46
157,Week2: Adding  into this thread let us see if any change happens..  YPR exp 12291 has usual habit of 50 mins delay..no action by  and ministry..,Operations,,,,1,,12291.0,,2018-03-02T18:11:28
158,can the Rail Minister get the Punjab Mail stuck in Delhi for the last one hour moving-nobody seems to be responding and responsible,Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-02T17:43:39
159,…        is  condition a big ancident stopped thank God,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T17:12:03
160,"I have been chasing  for a refund, but no one is looking into it. I have send several reminders since December 2017.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T17:08:26
161,"Train #16316 was delayed by 3 hours within the running of just 59 km, and no explanation was given. Senior citizens are made to wait for more than 3 hours to board the train. PNR-4241803517",Operations,,,,1,,16316.0,4241803517.0,2018-03-02T16:39:03
162,"Also because of the safaiwalas who skirt their duties deliberately. And it seems a bit implausible that the compartment far from the pantry bogie, is having cockroaches from the pantry bogie.",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T16:19:53
163,"Harmony and Balance,,,eco balance is priority for  upkeep of rats and cockroaches are encouraged in pantry car by providing them natural environment as far as possible ,,with disappointment of few sensitive souls  …",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T16:11:54
164,Train no : 12471 swaraj exp PNR NO : 8556629882 This washroom is very dirty & very bed smell & no water available in this washroom at least 4 washroom available in S9 and S10 but this washroom are not usable .plz help becoz suffering in ladies. flush not working,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12471.0,8556629882.0,2018-03-02T16:06:39
165,there is no water available in 12105 Vidarbh Express travelling from Mumbai to Gondia right now. Can't use the loo or clean our hands. Kindly help. Thank you.,Operations,,,,1,1,12105.0,,2018-03-02T15:00:09
166,"Arrival time is 18.40 , train still standing still at 8 pm on platform . Train no 11082",Operations,,,,1,1,11082.0,,2018-03-02T14:41:32
167,Train no 11082 standing at Varanasi station for over an hour .,Operations,,,,1,1,11082.0,,2018-03-02T14:37:56
168,this is to info that train 12310 coch no. B1 one single rat running on the flower . Here is no any clearing staff. My pnr no. 2243208507.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12310.0,2243208507.0,2018-03-02T13:59:06
169,"30 kg Ganja worth Rs 90,000 Seized from #TripuraSundariExpress  … via  #GuwahatiRailwayPolice #Guwahati",Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T13:43:54
170,Indian railway looting its helpless passengers,Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-02T13:19:45
171,ultimate cleanliness in Train19031 boarded from Abu Road after darshans at Amba ji.Yes our country is changing. Hats of to Hon'bl PM's clean India drive and implementation by Rail minister. Stations well maintained,Maintenance,,,Positive,1,,,,2018-03-02T13:18:19
172,"Once again, many-many congratulations to  for delaying train(12520) by 5 hours. You r following ur so called footprint.",Operations,,,Negative,1,,12520.0,,2018-03-02T13:16:01
173,"Travelling in train no.12562 which was supposed to depart on 1Mar at around20:30hrs train was rescheduled twice, it depart at 05:00hrs on 2Mar. How can Railway justify this much of delay, this is a super fast train which is running like a passenger train...",Operations,,,,1,1,12562.0,,2018-03-02T12:55:59
174,Very sad to see miscreants defacing public property (railways) in one of the busy metros at Chennai Central. what is astounding is there is no railway authority checking this audacity. Where are the officials enforcing Swach Bharath,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T12:44:50
175,Shatabdi Bangalore to chennai it's going to be one hour. What's happening??,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T11:52:50
176,"no water in train no. 12780(Goa express),coach no.S9. Plz do the needful.just departure from Pune.",Maintenance,,,,1,,12780.0,,2018-03-02T11:37:10
177,"trains running east bound are continuously running late by around 10-12 hours on an average, can't see fog! No 12488, 12506",Operations,,,Negative,1,,12488.0,,2018-03-02T09:20:00
178,Train no 11054...departing allahabad..train is late by 2 hrs...AC not working in 2nd AC compartment..it's very hot and humid and suffocating... Please attend to it asap..,Maintenance,,,,1,1,11054.0,,2018-03-02T09:09:14
179,when is Indian railways going to understand the value of time. Pathetic service and it leads to wastage of so many man hours of the passengers. Need to learn lessons from Japan and China,Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-02T08:54:12
180,Delhi to katra 26th had railways food everyone sick including 2year old.,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T06:12:03
181,Please update me on the status of FiR logldged for my bag stolen in panipat railway station.,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T05:57:11
182,please clean washroom at Jammu Tawi train..very dirty and no water.  Train no :-12471,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12471.0,,2018-03-02T05:30:39
183,I have booked tickets in holiday special 01018 from Katni to Khandwa but not get any info about the train. My family is waiting at station from last 8 hours. Finally my family cancelled the journey my money and time both wasted. #PNR 2723835734 pathetic,Commercial,,,,1,1,1018.0,2723835734.0,2018-03-02T05:16:12
184,a train from Anand vihar to vaisano de started on 1 march and without reason deleyed 2hours. Can you pease look into the matter. Number: 04401. Time: 10:20,Operations,,,,1,1,4401.0,,2018-03-02T02:53:12
185,"I going to hometown but train no. 12818 jharkhand Sampark kranthi is running very poor in between Anandvihar to Allahabad  Today is holi fastival , please take care of this. So we can join our family in this days.",Operations,,,,1,1,12818.0,,2018-03-02T02:34:16
186,in to dubble decker from ahmedabad to mumbai #Railway head rest are not wahsed and its stings #PMO #IndianRailways #PiyushGoyal,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T02:05:46
187,the train schedule of 08511 declining day by day.reaches 3 hours late to vskp.missing connecting trains every time.senior citizens facing main problem.,Operations,,,Negative,1,,8511.0,,2018-03-02T01:50:09
188,A co passengers story. Exceess charge - charged 50 instead of 38  Reduced quantity 3 chapati instead of 4 Prices increased 25pc. Cost 25 pc,Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-02T01:27:37
189,First of all Is this a coffee???? Hot water it seems,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T01:21:43
190,anyone looking at the complaint?,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-02T01:05:05
191,"This is a constant thing. Many times locals leave earlier than the original timing in order to make way for the express train behind & then the next local is delayed. Pls maintain punctuality, its a big issue with Mumbai locals",Operations,,,Suggestion,1,,,,2018-03-01T23:05:31
192,I'm traveling from Rewa to Anand Vihar in B3 seat number 27. Ceiling of my compartment is causing very irritating and high noise. Please fix this problem. PNR is 8601695294 Thankyou,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,8601695294.0,2018-03-01T20:54:14
193,"The 1.17 am Bhayandar local from Adhikar leaves station at 1.15 am i.e. 2 minutes early, why ?     …",Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-01T19:46:39
194,"Tonight, the 12.28 Virar slow local from Bandra to Virar left 2 minutes earlier!!! Is this another scam in the making?     why this urgency??  …",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T18:59:27
195,AC is working well but light is not working well .inform to electrical staff to look into.,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T18:50:42
196,Train no 12566 more than one hour to stand Lucknow railway station outer please check any technical fault . because tomorrow is holy.,Operations,,,,1,1,12566.0,,2018-03-01T17:50:57
197,Why train no 12566 is to late,Operations,,,,1,,12566.0,,2018-03-01T17:44:27
198,Passenger drunk in train Tata jammutavi B3 coach,Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-01T17:43:57
199,Traveling to puri in Garib rath express . (Train no 12881)Full of cockroach plus misbehaviour of the railway stuff . Is anybody listening #Indianrailway,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12881.0,,2018-03-01T17:35:15
200,how i can reopen my case with irctc?? Do i ned to write all tweeta again,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T17:33:26
201,Do complain in wiritten in comolaint book avail in DY. station master office,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T17:32:19
202,PNR- 6411468151 is running so late that I may miss my connecting train PNR-2504738527. Can you help?,Operations,,,,1,1,,6411468151.0,2018-03-01T17:32:08
203,Traveling to puri in Garib rath express Train no 12881. Full of cockroach plus misbehaviour of the railway stuff . Is anybody listening #Indianrailway,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12881.0,,2018-03-01T17:32:01
204,Traveling to puri in Garib rath express . Full of cockroach plus misbehaviour of the railway stuff . Is anybody listening #Indianrailway,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-01T17:30:54
205,train no. 14322 is late by 17 hours... booked tatkal ticket is no use of now... i want refund.. pnr is 8302888370,Commercial,,,,1,,14322.0,8302888370.0,2018-03-01T17:04:57
206,Train no. 14258 is standing at alamnagar station which is a non stopping station from the last 45 mins and the train is already one and a half hour late. Why is there no information available on the website and who is going to help the passengers ?,Operations,,,,1,1,14258.0,,2018-03-01T17:01:50
207,Food quality is too bad for the price of 120 rupee on train no . 22420.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,22420.0,,2018-03-01T17:01:31
208,regret for KIUL - Gaya railway route from last year.all train are out off time. General time 6-8 hr for 90km.,Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-01T17:00:34
209,pls help us to make understand y u taking charges for superfast when train run very very late on daily basis. FYR attaching some proofs.,Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-01T16:55:56
210,Horrible Experience going on. NO AC AND NO LIGHT IN COACH B2 TRAIN NO- 13247 travelling from NJP(SILIGURI) TO RJPB. The coach attendant and the TTE paid no attention when raised the issue.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,13247.0,,2018-03-01T16:52:35
211,", i'm writing since long,that kaifiyat exp(12225/12226) is used to run late. If people pay for super fast charges then it's ur responsibility to make its dignity by running it on time. People suffer a lot due to it's inconsistency.<<",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12225.0,,2018-03-01T16:43:07
212,"Travelling From Ahemdabad to Veraval in ""Somnath Superfast Express"" 22957 The Dertiest train i have ever travelled, Washrooms r smelling worst and no cleaning of seats",Maintenance,,,,1,1,22957.0,,2018-03-01T16:32:19
213,Sir i am problems faced a.train no18478 pnr no-2823908911.TTE SALE THIS TICKET TO UNKNOWN PERSON .SIR PLEASE HELP ME IMMEDIATELY,Operations,,,,1,1,,2823908911.0,2018-03-01T16:22:21
214,Danapur div 12366 stranded before jehanabad for an hour why??,Operations,,,,1,1,12366.0,,2018-03-01T16:19:46
215,I am traveling in train no 14007 krishak exp.from Varanasi to lucknow and no foods & drinking water available in Train. Availbility is must when maximum train are running late.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,14007.0,,2018-03-01T16:19:32
216,"Dear Sir, Why there is no accountability of the railways for the trains which are so late ...even in this seasons the trains r so late ...at least have the courtesy to the tell the passengers why their train is so late...#fedup",Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-01T15:30:44
217,condition of coach A5 Rajdhani Express 12424 on arrival at guwahati now 01.03.18 at 20.30 hours. No cleaner has reported so far. Please get the coach cleaned. It's unhygenic.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12424.0,,2018-03-01T15:09:50
218,PNR 2143087272 train# 12039 Executive class - hopeless food service. Soup served 5:30pm 2 hrs before dinner. Ice cream fully melted. Very poor quality paper napkins. Hot water flask for tea served with caps open.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12039.0,2143087272.0,2018-03-01T14:39:34
219,Hi I have booked ticket in train number 12503 and my pNR number is 4860351484 .I have been observing since 3 weeks the train is running late by 15 to 17 hours from source .If this is the case what is the action is being taken by indian railway ?,Operations,,,,1,,12503.0,4860351484.0,2018-03-01T14:06:36
220,my pnr 6107905738 travelled sealdah puri duronto exp very clean compartment and nice staff,Maintenance,,,Positive,1,,,6107905738.0,2018-03-01T14:05:33
221,My brother is in a big trouble..he left his ticket in home and now he is showing the ticket on phone but TT is asking for 2500 as fine though the fair itslef is 1600....plj help..,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T14:02:26
222,Very much satisfied with the service of #gatimaanexpress I hope same will be applicable on other trains too... Thank you for such a good train.,Operations,,,Positive,1,,,,2018-03-01T13:46:44
223,Train No. 12849 PNR No. 6610342089  Fans are not working...please do something as soon as possible.,Operations,,,,1,,12849.0,6610342089.0,2018-03-01T13:44:18
224,"At Datia M.P. stn, NO Toilet at pf. no.2,No legal vendor food counter , only two water point,always locked waiting room, only one public Toilet at pf1, no parking , No ramp and no wheelchair for physically disabled, 28 trn stoppage",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-01T13:41:18
225,AC turned off by attendant. Train - 12188 PNR - 8556545588 Bogie - G5  #IndianRailways,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12188.0,8556545588.0,2018-03-01T13:31:41
226,"ranchi hwh shatabdi is the most underutilised and most slowest shatabdi.unnecessary stoppages,getting less priority while crossing signals.60km/h is its average speed covering 460 km in7.45 hrs and still superfast charges is applied.",Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-01T12:40:58
227,Train No. 22955 Coach BE1. AC not working. Kindly address the issue asap.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,22955.0,,2018-03-01T12:32:21
228,Hi team it's been 1hour but no bedroll given in ac2tire o vishaka express. Have requested to the person attendant and TT but there is no positive response even the attendant misbehaving with me,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-01T12:27:50
229,"I booked retiring room at FATEHPUR railway station for 20:00 23/02/2018 to 20:00 24/02/2018. When I reached FATEHPUR at 4:20AM then no one was there to open the rooms, resulting a terrible night for me and my father.",Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-03-01T12:15:19
230,Today (01/03/18)My friend boarding from BBS to thiruvantapuram train no.12516 coach -S7 Seat no.25 with confirmed sleeper class ticket. But there are 25 people sharing the 6 seats. Really horrible.please help regarding this.,Security,,,,1,1,12516.0,,2018-03-01T11:58:44
231,Train no 22532 is running horribly more than 8 hours late. Thanx Indian Railways for ruining our festival.,Operations,,,,1,1,22532.0,,2018-03-01T11:28:14
232,"any update regarding train 12481, information board is showing it'll be departure at 4:30PM from platform 15. Waiting from last 3 hrs.",Operations,,,,1,1,12481.0,,2018-03-01T11:24:49
233,What is current status 12542,Operations,,,,1,1,12542.0,,2018-03-01T11:15:22
234,Why Indian railway compromising with Passengers's Security? Leniency during Check IN can cause any unexpected results. Are they waiting for any incident or blast to happen? I Request,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T11:13:04
235,Condition of indian railway   not a single fan is working in S1 coach of 18312 train,Maintenance,,,,1,1,18312.0,,2018-03-01T10:41:39
236,Special holi train ?? Enjoy your holi in holi special train. Delay by 14 hour no 1 know reason for  1 giving proper ans.,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T09:56:35
237,"Oh My dear  and minister  ye kya kar rhe h aap 10,12hour late  chal rhi(13483) ,aap ki vjha s 1 duty miss kar chuka hu dusri shift duty sayad hi kar paun,super fast ke sapne dekne vale Kam se Kam jamini estar par dyn d",Operations,,,,1,,13483.0,,2018-03-01T09:27:42
238,Seemanchal express kabhi to time pe ghar phucha do...always late,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T09:17:23
239,the mirror in one of the lav in 12841 HWH-MAS Coromandel exp today. Coach no SE 078279/C . Can you see good reflection in mirror?,Maintenance,,,,1,,12841.0,,2018-03-01T09:11:31
240,the mirror in one of the lav in 12841 HWH-MAS Coromandel exp today. Coach no SE 078279/C . Can you see good reflection in mirror?,Maintenance,,,duplicate,1,,12841.0,,2018-03-01T09:09:45
241,Train No 12191. B4 coach. Washrooms not cleaned. Pl look into it.,Maintenance,,,,1,,12191.0,,2018-03-01T08:47:52
242,The IVRS system for train status of train No 12191 saying train is cancelled. Actually train is cancelled only between NDLS and NZM. Pl rectify it. Causing avoidable confusion.,Operations,,,suggestion,1,,12191.0,,2018-03-01T08:46:11
243,Train no. 11015 Kushinagar express. Coach B 1 AC not working properly from yesterday. Complian is done from yesteday yet nothing is done,Maintenance,,,,1,,11015.0,,2018-03-01T08:42:59
244,sir  is sleeping please assign it to someone else,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T08:31:53
245,how u ppl value our time and life...If at all...Travelling by 12518 to Kolkata...Started 3 hours late without any explanation as is the norm...Now stranded on the way ....Getting more late...idiotic,Operations,,,,1,1,12518.0,,2018-03-01T08:20:37
246,sir passengers are waiting in the train at outer please do something why everytime 11107 got delayed at outer.,Security,,,,1,,11107.0,,2018-03-01T07:57:49
247,"see the condition of AC 2 TIER wanganga express 12252 bad sheet conditions.. Its a major problem, slove this.",Maintenance,,,,1,,12252.0,,2018-03-01T06:54:18
248,"Coach has shit spread across the floor,S7,18463,train at Vizianagaram stn,PNR 6511920856",Maintenance,,,,1,,18463.0,6511920856.0,2018-03-01T06:47:54
249,Can you please let me know that emwhy this train 12511 is 8 hrs.late?? What a great joke with the travelers on the occasion of Holi. #shameonurailway,Operations,,,,1,1,12511.0,,2018-03-01T06:44:47
250,"Train no. 15036 already running late. Unnecessarily halt anywhere, running slow.. Pathetic!! Clear weather, no Fog.. What excuse you will give now??",Operations,,,,1,1,15036.0,,2018-03-01T06:37:12
251,Train no: 12258 late at destination by 3 hours. How could this be done by indian railway. Are you giving any value to people.    this cant be done late trains everywhere. bad experience,Operations,,,,1,,12258.0,,2018-03-01T06:32:47
252,While booking tatkal ticket transaction completed but ticket not booked please refund me,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T06:31:14
253,the kid need help to reach etawah...he is on jharkhand express... About to reach Allahabad... Please help!,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-01T06:29:38
254,A boy namely faizan khan is in serious condition and has been given or taken some toxin (e.g poison). He's travln in 12259,Security,,,,1,1,12259.0,,2018-03-01T05:58:17
255,sir I am traveling from bnz to deos in coach nos1 through train no13020 I was booked my tatqal ticket for my journey when I reached at my seat that was captured by other person and he is saying that TTE has been allotted me this seat so he will not leave,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-03-01T05:54:12
256,Mumbai to Asansol Train... more that 18 boggies hundreds of passengers with children .. Still no pantry in train.. hell of indian railways..and train is late as usual..,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T05:44:03
257,I am travelling in train no # 13352.The condition of the coach(specially of toilet) is worst.Not expctd frm railway whn it gets so much attention from govt.     #IndianRailways #SwachhBharat,Maintenance,,,,1,,13352.0,,2018-03-01T05:33:10
258,Ministry of railway is an electronic system ..Inspite of that these train never gets on time.. for three months all my journey are delayed bcoz of this trains ..stop this fucking shit,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T05:27:49
259,charging point is not available in 12149.pune-danapur exp S6 boggie .& toilet cleaning isnt in a good shape Take immediate steps The train cleanliness is making a mockery of PMs swachchata abhiyan,Maintenance,,,,1,,12149.0,,2018-03-01T04:57:50
260,To  today I travel from any haara express 12324 there no any pantry services found.local and unauthorized vendor seen carry unhygienic edibles items please do for this issue,Maintenance,,,,1,,12324.0,,2018-03-01T04:57:12
261,Travelling in 11039 #mahaexpress. #bhusawal station no t.c . Many people r without ticket in sleeper. No action. Why r t.c doing,Security,1.0,,,1,,11039.0,,2018-03-01T04:09:43
262,"Stranded in station...to reach office. Tomorrow is festival, they have no plan , number of trains limited....pathetic management #Indianrailways",Operations,0.0,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T04:07:06
263,PLS CHECK TRAIN NO 15708 at gorakhpur 3rd ac and 2nd ac 100 without ticket yatri disturbed,Security,1.0,,,1,1,15708.0,,2018-03-01T04:02:28
264,TRAIN NO 15708 LUCKNOW TO GORAKHPUR WITHPUT TICKET YATRI 3 rd ac and 2nd ac too much disturb,Security,1.0,,duplicate,1,1,15708.0,,2018-03-01T04:00:39
265,Since last 1.30 hour at kanpur central railway station outer.   ..indian railway sucks..,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T03:35:38
266,"Train No. 12307, Coach A1, Birth 3,4, many persons occupied illegally.",Security,1.0,,,1,1,12307.0,,2018-03-01T03:24:33
267,12281..brakfast only tea. Between lunch and dinner only tea and kurkuri were provided..28 feb_1march..its running now..very bad care.BBSR NEW DELHI DURONTO,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,12281.0,,2018-03-01T03:05:44
268,very pathetic toilets in 12802 coach A1,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,,12802.0,,2018-03-01T02:55:24
269,“Kabhi toh phone chori karwao Gujarat Mein” crazy how in such a ‘safe’ state as it is deemed to b a chai wala comes inside an AC1 cabin simply sees an opportunity to steal a phone and seizes it!,Security,0.0,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T02:50:31
270,"Sir,can't understand the logic behind delay, of near about one and half hr once in 3 or 4 days, in starting of train no 56392 from kollam.Kindly look into matter.",Operations,1.0,,,1,,56392.0,,2018-03-01T02:35:58
271,"Train No. 14311, 14312, 14321, 14322 Running Late by 10 - 20 Hrs Since 6 Months. Is it commitment of Indian Railway to passengers? Awaiting +tive action and reply and update in the matter.",Operations,1.0,,,1,,14311.0,,2018-03-01T02:22:18
272,"Facing many problems while Travelling in firstclass coach of surat-virar shuttle 59038 because all the secondclass pass holders and hockers getting into firstclass coach, not a single strict action is taken.",Security,0.0,,,1,,59038.0,,2018-03-01T02:05:18
273,ye halat kabhi sudhrege. Duranto b bekar hai kya...,Operations,0.0,,,1,,,,2018-03-01T01:50:08
274,No care from catering services 22691 Rajdhani late by 3 hrs. Jst left Gwalior Take care,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,,22691.0,,2018-03-01T01:46:51
275,Sitting in a train from day before yesterday more than 5 hrs late. Special train paid same amount as any express train but no  water No food. IndianRail If you are there help us. Can't even track. Pnr 8202570183 Nutan Ranee,Operations,,,,1,,,8202570183.0,2018-03-01T00:30:21
276,pain in left hand shoulder. Berth-B5-70-Rajdhani Exp-12423. contacted no-138. no replied,Security,1.0,,,1,1,12423.0,,2018-03-01T00:25:47
277,pain in left hand shoulder. Berth-B5-70-Rajdhani Exp-12423. contacted no-138. nobody received,Security,1.0,,duplicate,1,1,12423.0,,2018-03-01T00:20:45
278,Plz help. Train came from Ajmer to SEALDAH and without cleaning it started from SEALDAH to Ajmer today. Plz help goel sir.,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T22:44:50
279,plz. Clean the coach S3 and toilet of train no.12987. it is verymuch smelling and not fit for health,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,12987.0,,2018-02-28T22:42:34
280,"Train #12502 which was supposed to start from new delhi is delayed at new delhi by more than 4 hours. Seats are dirtier than municipal washrooms. Paying so much taxes and getting treated like this, i am ashamed to be an indian today.",Operations,1.0,,,1,,12502.0,,2018-02-28T22:06:05
281,"11124 already late by 9 hrs... not giving any update..hundreds, thousands of people helpless..no where to go..Festival time has become suffering time..people are stranded at Kanpur..train has been halted just 4 kms behind Kanpur. Help please",Operations,1.0,,,1,1,11124.0,,2018-02-28T21:28:55
282,life sucks with Indian Railways... 90 kms from Orai to Kanpur yet not covered for 5 hrs... Train 11124-Barauni Gwalior late by 9 hrs.. No feelings for human emotions..  is a shame..,Operations,1.0,,,1,1,11124.0,,2018-02-28T21:24:49
283,"if you are unable to give a confrom seat ,why you taking my money...I paid full  force me to go in general..why???",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T21:09:27
284,"I brought a ticket on 6th Feb from Mumbai to Madgoan, 3 red Ac .I paid 1120 for the ticket..jorny date 28 Feb Mangalore exp. The ticket is not confirmed, He Your TC froce me to go to sleeper coach. Hole night I stand there .",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T21:04:48
285,Won't be able to celebrate holi. Thanks to     Train no:01657 8hrs late and yet counting. Not started from source#HoliSpecial,Operations,1.0,,,1,,1657.0,,2018-02-28T19:30:42
286,"Train no 19032. Pnr: 2443106579. On seat no 19, 20, 23 people are drinking alcohol. TT is also not taking any action. Can any one take action?     #railsafety #Railways",Security,1.0,,,1,1,19032.0,2443106579.0,2018-02-28T19:25:10
287,train no 01657 hbj to pnbe holi spacial train 9:30 hour late from starting station hbj,Operations,1.0,,,1,,1657.0,,2018-02-28T19:20:53
288,"A person claiming to be the T. T. E on board train no. 19665 was drunk and misbehaved, assaulted and abused the passenger who asked him to vacate the seat belonging to a fellow women passenger.",Security,1.0,,,1,1,19665.0,,2018-02-28T19:20:22
289,Hbj Pnbe Super Special is yet to start from Habibganj at 28 Feb 2018 23:30. Current running status: 7 h delay. Who will take responsibilities??And what passengers of that train pays??   #Jai #Hind,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T19:12:57
290,pnr 8425056500 Pune Hatia 22845 Train is too dirty too smelly and too crowded and no RPF or TTE. Even bathroom is inaccessible. May be this is why we booked seats in premium Tatkal so that we can’t even sleep with our luggage on our berth.,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,22845.0,8425056500.0,2018-02-28T19:06:08
291,Special trains ..no wonder are so special that you have to wait for 10 hrs and still don't get to see then ..train no.01657 ..,Operations,1.0,,,1,,1657.0,,2018-02-28T18:59:39
292,pnr 8425056500 The train is heavily over crowded without any security. In sleeper bogies The passengers have to carry their bags on the seats because of crowd.,Operations,1.0,,,1,,,8425056500.0,2018-02-28T18:53:20
293,"PNR-2505219012; I mean, why are these coaches still in circulation? Especially, on the tourist trails!!! What are we really saying to ourselves and the world about IR???#BetterusNOW!!!",Operations,,,,1,,,2505219012.0,2018-02-28T18:23:15
294,When train will depart sir..I am still waiting for update of that.,Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-28T18:04:42
295,"Need  sir attention.. The issue is Rahul missed his Delhi to svdk train (pnr 2602068155,pnr2339952230) because his kanpur Delhi train had been delayed.(pnr 6310724008 & 6310723220)",Operations,,,,1,,,2602068155.0,2018-02-28T17:17:56
296,look at Akola plt fno.1 waiting hall and wash room,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T17:10:52
297,kimdly look at Akola Railway station there is no change in cleaness as we have at all station good changes 2014 to till now. But Akola has no changes as UPA govt. ticket booking out side and waiting holl.,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T17:07:22
298,Local fast trains on central railway running late by 30 minutes this is not the kind of service we expect from,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T16:37:25
299,Local fast trains on central railway running late by 30 minutes this is not the kind of service we expect from,Operations,,,duplicate,1,,,,2018-02-28T16:28:18
300,train no 12236 rajdhani don't even have a mug in washroom ticket prices almost 4000/- once upon a time ticket was less then 2000/- n everything ok now pay double got no such facilities coach B12,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,,12236.0,,2018-02-28T16:26:56
301,Indian Railways has no value or respect for its passengers’ time. Trains are as much late as 12 hours. I’m particularly talking about train number: 15707 KIR-ASR Express  Do some thinking Indian Railways!,Operations,1.0,,,1,,15707.0,,2018-02-28T16:07:38
302,Parents lost valuables in transit yesterday in Padatik Express (12378). Lodged FIR. PLS HELP,Security,1.0,,,1,,12378.0,,2018-02-28T15:44:53
303,I am traveling from Vaisali express- train number -12554 in A2 with my wife and kid. crowded with non confirm ticket passenger. Both the toilet area is occupied by a crowded. No one is here to help. My kid is not able to use toilet. Ladies are worried. Plz hel,Operations,1.0,,,1,,12554.0,,2018-02-28T15:44:10
304,Railway travel is filled with theft. Even an AC2 boogie with attendants isn't risk free..cont,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T15:43:18
305,#suburbantrainsofwestbengal The Sealdah main line section is gradually becoming painful for the daily commuters on daily basis,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T15:34:45
306,"left my wallet in geetanjali express today. Birth no: B1,50. Please look into it as it contained imp documents.",Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T15:30:18
307,Train No.82356 is stuck on Danapur Railway Station since 2  PNR no is 8556540190.The train is almost 6 hours late.Issue with the passengers and the engine driver.#IndianRailways,Operations,1.0,,,1,,82356.0,8556540190.0,2018-02-28T14:48:01
308,"Train number : 12394, Sampoorn Kranti Exp. Waiting for someone from IRCTC staff to provide us food. Tried asking to staff about the food, they said due to rush in train, probability is very less that someone will come to provide you food. Please look into this.",Maintenance,,,,1,,12394.0,,2018-02-28T14:45:07
309,7/7 claim my refund...Help me wid refund.i mised train becaus of IRCTC fault,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T14:33:35
310,6/7 as this condition is not mentioned in railways. suggest how i can claim,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T14:31:41
311,5/7 railways fault i have lost all ticket amount of almost 10000.,Commercial,,,,1,,10000.0,,2018-02-28T14:30:26
312,4/7 and my seats with pnr 2602068155 and 2339952230 was wasted because of,Commercial,,,,1,,,2602068155.0,2018-02-28T14:29:05
313,train no. 12501 sampark Kranti express . Pantry service is serving unhygienic food that too with higher rates. Serving food of Rs 60 by 100rs. Plz check .  PNR : 6611882296,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,,12501.0,6611882296.0,2018-02-28T14:28:55
314,Sir my pnr number is 6508818184 train number 15960. my child have very high fever please help,Security,1.0,,,1,1,15960.0,6508818184.0,2018-02-28T14:21:02
315,My brother is boarding along with his 4 yr son in train num 15050 in s -2 seat num 20 ..my brother's son had a hand injury due to fall down of window ...he is calling to 139 bt didn't got any response ..pls provide him a medical help..thnk u,Security,1.0,,,1,1,15050.0,,2018-02-28T14:19:40
316,"#TrainNo #01657, What a special train it is?? Still waiting for start?? #7 hours delay from Starting #Habibganj and people where saying a change in #Railway.. Sir atleast timing to sahi krlijie.",Operations,1.0,,,1,,1657.0,,2018-02-28T14:15:18
317,plz update information of group d recruitment process plz update on all the website  …,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T14:04:42
318,It's another disgusting experience with Indian Railway ! Nowadays it shouldn't be your hope from indian railway that you will get cleaned and safe journey with its train. No water in train 13148  #railway #SwacchIndia,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,13148.0,,2018-02-28T13:41:57
319,Drinking alcohol In mathura train 64904 5th coach reaching palwl,Security,1.0,,,1,1,64904.0,,2018-02-28T13:39:42
320,train number 15160 boarding from Varanasi AC is not working,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,15160.0,,2018-02-28T13:38:44
321,The A1 coach of the train number 07007 from Secunderabad to Darbhanga has extremely dirty toilets. Please implement the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to this train.,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,7007.0,,2018-02-28T13:32:20
322,UTS app is not working. Continuously showing System Error. Please do the needful n update.,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T13:00:42
323,heavy rush on plateform no.9 and 10 of old delhi railway station do something to manage ... Chances of stamped,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T12:38:23
324,"I am traveling from CTC to Gaya my PNR is 6310797049. Initially I was allotted RAC23, after Balashore, TTE confirmed my RAC, but allotted site is not available as a passenger already occupied.Plz help  I'm traveling by stand",Security,1.0,,,1,1,,6310797049.0,2018-02-28T12:26:16
325,What is going on Indian Railways?!  Unauthorized person selling food products and electronics in II tier Ac.   My PNR number : 8702848900,Security,,,,1,,,8702848900.0,2018-02-28T12:25:56
326,No Security in this train Train No 58204 and Toilets are So dirty.,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,58204.0,,2018-02-28T12:21:32
327,Train No-15159 is standing at the Sarnath station since from past 2 hrs at the same station and my family have to take another traiNo-12559 form Manduadih(MUV) station at 7:40. Hence accordingly the other train will get missed by my parent due to its delay.,Operations,1.0,,,1,,15159.0,,2018-02-28T12:20:56
328,such is the state of Indian Railways. 16315 kochuveli express Sleeper coach is filled up with people without reservation S11,Operations,1.0,,,1,,16315.0,,2018-02-28T12:16:11
329,"Travelling in Kakinada-COA express B2,Berth No 4.Rats spolied my bag which i kept under seat? Who is responsible for that! I connected with TTR but did not respond properly saying that Rats would be there in AC compartments. Please respond.",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T12:15:46
330,such is the state of Indian Railways. 16315 kochuveli express Sleeper coach is filled up with people without reservation S11,Operations,1.0,,duplicate,1,,16315.0,,2018-02-28T12:15:42
331,my connecting train is missed due to delay running of my first train.who's gonna pay my money ?kB shudhregi hamari railway?,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T12:10:58
332,This train still at GKP cant station n what ur app showing u can see....,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T11:53:41
333,Why do railway helpline isn't helpful at all??? Shows false information,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T11:47:17
334,"Passengers are harresed by other people in reservation Boggie, train no. 12071, PNR- 8602870601.. Look into it.. Clear huge rush in reservation trains/boggies",Security,1.0,,,1,1,12071.0,8602870601.0,2018-02-28T11:34:12
335,"Passengers are harresed by other people in reservation Boggie, train no. 12071, PNR- 8602870601",Security,1.0,,duplicate,1,1,12071.0,8602870601.0,2018-02-28T11:14:33
336,Today 4.26 pm Virar fast local from Bandra left Bandra stn 1 min early at 4.25 pm. Yesterday 4.43 pm Virar fast from Bandra left stn at 4.42 pm. Can  explain this urgency/ hurry from thr Motormen?,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T11:01:52
337,"just completed a long journey with Gauhati- Bangalore super fast express, the experience was far less than satisfactory, Stinking 2 AC compartments and worst bathrooms you can ever see plus exorbitant food prices. FYI",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T10:59:43
338,"Booked parcel from pune to TATANAGAR via waybill/receipt number E018022, no updates till now, no support, no responsible officer. Railways should think in updating basic services first.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T10:18:33
339,sir travelling from Nandurbar to Badnera in Train No:-12655 Navjeevan Express in HA1 seat no 1 & 3 Attendant is very rude and not providing any kind of Bedroll. I have asked him many times but not ready to listern. PNR No:-8552505104,Maintenance,,,,1,,12655.0,8552505104.0,2018-02-28T10:13:19
340,"Dear Team, For today I have booked ticket to Jaunpur Junction in Doon Exp 13009 for some urgent work but I got message train is delayed from Howrah Junction and expected departure at 23:55 PM.  Reschedule on time",Operations,1.0,,,1,,13009.0,,2018-02-28T09:19:29
341,PNR :224227279 in UchaharExpress 14217 in S4Coach.The Coch Is So Mch Untidy.Kndly snd a sweper to the coach fr its clening,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,1,14217.0,,2018-02-28T09:03:05
342,Super fast train 12526 running incredibly 2. 30 hrs late. Kindly help to get rid of from this painful train journey.,Operations,1.0,,,1,,12526.0,,2018-02-28T08:59:55
343,What a nice service of Indian railway train number 12319 and my pnr is 6109863417 not a single mobile charger is not working. And I request to TT to call a electrician but problem is not solve till now.,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,,12319.0,6109863417.0,2018-02-28T08:38:41
344,Indian railways will be never improve. They dont know that what is the value of time. Again Mahabodhi Exp 12398 is let 2 hours. I have never traveled on time especially bihar route train. Its really pathetic management.,Operations,1.0,,,1,,12398.0,,2018-02-28T08:38:26
345,"I cant get my money debited even after failed transaction. Trying to reach the irctc customer care since yesterday, its just going busy. Such a usless thing.  out",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T08:32:17
346,"Beawar, a plan can be destroyed at any point in time by non other than  pathetic, always late and the time in hrs. Well done",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T07:52:03
347,"Sir, I am presently waiting to book my reservation at Delhi Cantt station since two hours. But I can't do, only two counter opens, other 4 are closed, please do something forthwith.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T07:29:44
348,"pnr- 8602661355 ticket got cancelled, refund is not yet provided, called irctc,they cut the call after making me wait 15 minutes for three times, wasted my precious 45 min on useless rail system. Need my refund. Help please.",Commercial,,,,1,,,8602661355.0,2018-02-28T07:13:05
349,"Sir ,Only one train is b/w shakti nagar / singrauli to varanasi Train no- 23346, 13346 available.But from last year it's always late 5 hrs to 8 hrs.Request you to plz take a strong action against concern staff.",Operations,1.0,,,1,,23346.0,,2018-02-28T07:05:02
350,train12444 27/2/2018 is late by more than 6 hours and there is no pantry.i have two small kids aged 1 yr and 2.5 yrs.there is no water in toilets neither food and drinking water.S7 pnr no 2343066576 seat no 25 and 28 PNR Number 2143058706 seat no 26 and 29,Maintenance,1.0,,,1,,,2343066576.0,2018-02-28T06:33:24
351,Worst experience on  been on this train for past 17 hours. No food or beverage service in first ac since this morning. Train 12557 running 5 hours late #IndianRailways #DissappointingService,Maintenance,,,,1,,12557.0,,2018-02-28T06:27:37
352,good mrng to all.... From last two days i faced two problems related to one thing only yesterday i arrived from pune to jodhpur pnr no. 4341802466 and today i m coming from bikaner to jodhpur pnr no.2243135796.Yesterday pune train got late by 1 hr..,Operations,1.0,,,1,,,4341802466.0,2018-02-28T06:17:38
353,IRCTC #7950950 has been assigned on Jan 31st and still no reply. Will someone assist me please    I need to book tickets on irctc for myself. Thanks,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T05:18:05
354,Frm somewhere watched ur bullet train journey in china 2day bullet was very impressive but the way u insulting country & it's railway was shocking U culd hve used dat opportunity & urge indians 2 keep trains clean match international standard.,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T04:56:30
355,"Train No. 04418 (Nizamuddin Pune AC Spcl) is the most pathetic train.  There were mosquitoes in the train when I entered last night. There's no water in the toilets since 6 am.There's no pantry, and every passenger is craving for food since morning",Maintenance,,,,1,,4418.0,,2018-02-28T04:50:52
356,My mother and her colleagues are Travelling in Doon Express (13010 [A1 7/8/9/11]) Which is 7+ hours late! And Now it halted at Dhanbad for more than 1hrs 30mins. They have another train to catch from howrah at 2:15. Plz look into it.,Operations,,,,1,,13010.0,,2018-02-28T04:39:58
357,"Regarding to  and  you have to see this last two weeks and all the february month for this train 59503/4 , continuosly being late for neglegible reasons plz check ..and do need. We are villagers but educated. Dont underestimate this. Thnx sir.",Operations,,,,1,,59503.0,,2018-02-28T04:25:09
358,for a train leaving the station now chart not prepared yet no:22601..This is wierd,Commercial,,,,1,,22601.0,,2018-02-28T04:24:41
359,Very bad service,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T04:20:56
360,Sir I took a halt in the retiring room(ticket no.00091622) of the Malda station.i checked out today morning .I left my wallet in the room .It contained important govt. Documents and money.I need it urgently .Please help,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T03:47:47
361,Sir I took a halt in the retiring room(ticket no.00091622) of the Malda station.i checked out today morning .I left my wallet in the room .It contained important govt. Documents and money.I need it urgently .Please help,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T03:35:44
362,within 1 hour train is rescheduled 3 times..what is going on !! I have to reach Bhopal by 11.30 or 12 ...is there any one responsible for what is going on,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T03:02:38
363,train no. 19323 Indore bhopal is getting late by late after half-half hour ..any reason ???,Operations,,,,1,,19323.0,,2018-02-28T03:00:01
364,toilets of 07007 of S6 /S7 are overflowing. It will be big relief if it can be attended at Gondia Station.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,7007.0,,2018-02-28T02:59:05
365,Taste the morning breakfast of shatabdi Express and check the dustbin after 10 min of serve,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-28T02:57:38
366,Pnr no.2443135725 rain no.12180(agc-lko) coach not attached.please talk me what i am do.,Maintenance,,,,1,,12180.0,2443135725.0,2018-02-28T02:45:27
367,Coach no. B10. 02011 train no. Water flowing from basin and have damage bags please get it fixed soon.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,2011.0,,2018-02-28T02:22:20
368,Pnr no.8602685432. Water flowing from basin and have damage bags please get it fixed soon.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,8602685432.0,2018-02-28T02:16:15
369,want to meet my mother before her Surgery but Spl. Rajdhani (09003) got delayed around 2hrs & standing at Okhla Station from last 30mins......don’t know when Indian Railway is able to manage the punctuality of Premium Trains,Operations,,,,1,1,9003.0,,2018-02-28T02:05:55
370,"No water in train no 17063. Washrooms are blocked, passengers facing inconvenience inspire of travelling in 3rd ac. #TrainNo.17063 # AjantaExpress  and what about saccha bharat?",Maintenance,,,,1,1,17063.0,,2018-02-28T01:42:57
371,PNR: 2438394791 TRAIN: 12004 (NDLS - LKO SHATADBI EXPRESS). C4 coach Western Toilet's flush is not working properly and lock is broken. Please take your kind attention towards this. Thanks!,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12004.0,2438394791.0,2018-02-28T01:13:37
372,PNR: 2438394791 TRAIN: 12004 (NDLS - LKO SHATADBI EXPRESS). C4 coach Western Toilet's flush is not working properly and lock is broken. Please take your kind attention towards this.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12004.0,2438394791.0,2018-02-28T01:09:09
373,My pnr no is 2603559223 there is seat allotted in two different coaches i.e. S4&S7 please do the needful,Commercial,,,,1,,,2603559223.0,2018-02-28T00:49:42
374,he asked me allotted our reserved seats then 2000 rupees. other cancelled it. pl. help us,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T22:44:43
375,Very disgusting to wait all night for boarding 12879 at the source station,Operations,,,,1,,12879.0,,2018-02-27T20:58:41
376,"Having cold and feeling feverish, any way I can get a dose of paracetamol and eno..? Travelling in KK Express towards Gulbarga S1 48...",Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T19:40:31
377,"Train no- 12562, journey date 26 Feb, 2018. Delhi to Jayanagar,. Trains are very late almost 16hours. I have payed super fast charge but this train are passengers trains, 28 Feb is my final exam so plzz guide this train.",Operations,,,,1,1,12562.0,,2018-02-27T18:59:05
378,"12558 Sapt Kranti SF Express is never allowed on time, it always lasts for 4 or 5 hours.Railways should pay attention to this, not only Sapt Kranti SF Express is late, Almost every train lays down from its time,",Operations,,,,1,,12558.0,,2018-02-27T18:47:39
379,"My brother said to tte that I will be boarding at kanpur but he is saying that he will put passenger no show. Please help,  the details of the train is with attached ticket and the train is yet to arrive at kanpur. Train no 12260 Duranto exp",Misc,,,,1,1,12260.0,,2018-02-27T18:41:08
380,"Please see to the problem caused by TTE . I was supposed to board my train with my brother at new Delhi , but due to some unavoidable circumstances I was unable to board my train, but reached kanpur to board it.",Misc,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T18:40:00
381,"Travelling in 18452 came BBS for training, Bank employe, going back, very very much tired got RAC with another passenger. Both r tall n healthy. Kindly provide a berth need to Sleepy badly PNR -6111728081  #PiyushGoyal sir.. Requested TTE. No results, in B2",Commercial,,,Request,1,1,18452.0,6111728081.0,2018-02-27T18:22:04
382,Train no. 22482 is late by 30min at its 2nd stop which is 15mins away. Amazing  defying logic,Operations,,,,1,,22482.0,,2018-02-27T18:19:54
383,"Useless Minister... Complaint lodged yday afternoon 2.47 pm till today morning 3.45 am there was no action, do we need such a useless person as Rly Mins? No...",Misc,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T18:04:26
384,Sir One Single Day Train No 12052 Madgaon to Dadar is Not on Time .. Charges of train ticket is express then y train is not on time.really sad but  is totally fooling us.,Operations,,,,1,,12052.0,,2018-02-27T17:55:41
385,Train No. : 13120 Delhi Sealdah  delayed by 5hours. Passengers are waiting at Ghaziabad railway station and getting frustrated. No info provided by railway staff. Please take quick action.,Operations,,,,1,1,13120.0,,2018-02-27T17:49:17
386,"train no-12987 why train is 6 hr late,kindly elaborate?",Operations,,,Enquiry,1,,12987.0,,2018-02-27T17:25:15
387,"So wagon derailed ahead of Indore, so once they clear it for safety only then trains from Indore station will begin departing. It will take around 2 hours.",Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T17:23:52
388,"Live train status last updated 1hr20mins before and there after no update at all. What to conclude frm this, train will not move further??",Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T17:06:11
389,"China now developing 400 kph bullet trains. At present already has the world's largest high speed rail network of 22,000 Kms working between 250 to 350 kmph.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T17:01:19
390,"train no-12987 why train is 6 hr late,kindly elaborate?",Operations,,,Enquiry,1,,12987.0,,2018-02-27T16:48:59
391,"12976 Jaipur Mysore exp. cleaning staff did'nt come to cleaning the coach s3 ,he misbehave&said nt hv any fear,he told his name Deepak Sharma, we R volunteers of National Service Scheme,Govt. Of India,plz take action.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12976.0,,2018-02-27T16:29:19
392,train 09011.unable to find train running status. Help,Misc,,,,1,1,9011.0,,2018-02-27T16:28:31
393,"Train no 19332 indore to kochuvelli Train time 9:05 pm departure, but now @ 9:37 PM and train still at Indore station.",Operations,,,,1,1,19332.0,,2018-02-27T16:09:21
394,Vaishali express from new delhi to bihar S2/birth24 toilet cum bathroom very dirty...please take action ..no employ available here...,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T15:58:59
395,"Ordeal of traveling by 13332 DN... Wonder when d habit of #passholders , railway employees & #ticketless travellers (mostly students) in making traveling by 13332 a harrowing experience, END. That apart, Y is this train so #neglected",Security,,,,1,,13332.0,,2018-02-27T15:53:33
396,..sir Thanks for your facilities...even fan is not working..Train no-12402..coach S7,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12402.0,,2018-02-27T15:45:16
397,"It is Jan Aahar indeed, price list is displayed in the stall prominently.[IRCTC]",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T15:44:45
398,Where is digital India .....  Train having no. 09011 from Bandra to pnbe.  I don't know the status of this train via any possible way. I hv called to train enquiry no 139 . Held up for 16 minutes and didn't replied and charged ₹ 32.,Operations,,,,1,1,9011.0,,2018-02-27T15:44:25
399,"Could someone kindly share the pricing and menu of the Jan Aahar canteens please. Is the canteen operating in Central Station opposite Higginbotham stall, a Jan Aahar canteen?",Misc,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T15:22:01
400,It's totally neglect of rule and regulations of railway.there is no any rpf or security available in train (07009),Security,,,,1,1,7009.0,,2018-02-27T15:20:13
401,handicap couch on central railway meant 4 divyang PPL.. but they don't get chance 2 get in at pick time .need RPF n TC on tat couch in evening time at Ghatkopar station Mumbai,Misc,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T15:08:38
402,"It was 6 hours late at my boarding point and reached 12 hour late at my destination.  in this this day and age, you really think 12 hour delay is acceptable?? Pls don't have special trains if you can't manage time or at least mention practical time.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T15:04:25
403,"we are having troubles in getting our reserved seats, local travelers are being bossy. There is no space for going washroom. Plz Help us PNR - 6411888623 Train no - 13132",Security,,,,1,1,13132.0,6411888623.0,2018-02-27T14:49:11
404,I am traveling in the train no 02821from Panvel to Kharagpur the train is late more than 13hours .Take a appropriate actions refund. Money because we suffer so much..,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T14:36:46
405,What is the running status of train no. 09011 (special) .... There are no any info of this .,Operations,,,,1,1,9011.0,,2018-02-27T14:34:29
406,Pl be fare enough to make avail of train btw Bharuch-Surat in-between 7PM to 8PM as thre is non availability of train in the said time which effects on daily updowners after industrial leave. You may refer the timetable.,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T14:32:20
407,how we can say that the indian railways is so gud for traveling..So painful.,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-27T14:27:36
408,"train no 09411 is so late ,i m suffering to much headache and some foreigners are with me who waiting this train at tundla jn. Bt train is not come yet..So ashamed for indian railways ..",Operations,,,,1,1,9411.0,,2018-02-27T14:23:38
409,worse condition of C4 coach of train 12030 swarn shatabdi.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12030.0,,2018-02-27T13:43:22
410,As usual nothing gonna happen.. pathetic situation of railways..,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T13:27:37
411,"Train No. 12414 PNR no. 2604906317 Travelling From JAT to JP. Dirty filthy washrooms, smelling very badly.  The Folding Table is Broken ( proof in this pic)  Plz provide someone who can resolve these problems.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12414.0,2604906317.0,2018-02-27T13:12:13
412,Why IGST is applied to IRCTC ticket booking.,Commercial,,,Enquiry,1,,,,2018-02-27T13:08:28
413,"Travelling in 12909 from BDTS, train depart at 16.35 hrs, but till yet no attendant giving bed roll. Why railway take money in advance? When service is given as per attendant? Travelling with family need service but to whom to contact",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12909.0,,2018-02-27T12:47:06
414,travelling in 12909 & since last 1.30 hrs journey. no attendant in coach to provide bed roll. Why bed roll option given in reservation form? Or money taken when no attendant is here to provide service on time. My PNR is 8552551481.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12909.0,8552551481.0,2018-02-27T12:39:18
415,Purshottam Express train no.12801 B3 coach where a girl was sexually abuse by a person in same compartment when she asked the tt the TT showed no concern.The person who abused the girl is going to New Delhi seat no. 35 or 34 he is guilty and photograph of him is,Security,,,,1,1,12801.0,,2018-02-27T11:57:50
416,even after 6 days no revert to email or tweet.,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T11:41:44
417,..There were some failed transactions for ticket booking on 23rd Feb amounting to approx Rs.2570/-..Y the amount is still not credited..,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T11:31:41
418,trn 12270 duranto depart time 3.46 p m. on 27.2.2018 no info available at 3.58 p.m about departure. trn has not come on platform till 5.58 pm . while platforms r empty.why to delay train beyond understanding.,Operations,,,,1,,12270.0,,2018-02-27T10:31:28
419,"Dear IR please look into the maintenance of dibrugarh rajdhani and make it at par with other rajdhanis in terms of cleanliness, food and punctuality. Even first AC of ordinary Sampark Kranti is way better than this.",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T10:26:04
420,"I booked retiring room at FATEHPUR railway station for 20:00 23/02/2018 to 20:00 24/02/2018. When I reached FATEHPUR at 4:20AM then no one was there to open the rooms, resulting a terrible night for me and my father.",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T09:10:13
421,please share the contact no of railway parcel office at Dehradun.,Misc,,,Enquiry,1,,,,2018-02-27T09:02:47
422,3/3 please arrange the refund if possible..i will be thankful to you,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T08:41:24
423,"Need rpf or tte. Can someone help.     PNR:6311887283,TRAIN:15714,DOJ:27-02-18,2S,PNBE-KIR,Dep:14:15, RISHAV SANCHETI,D3 71",Security,,,,1,1,15714.0,6311887283.0,2018-02-27T08:33:15
424,"One seat occupied by 7-8 people, this defines minimum government maximum governance...",Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T08:31:55
425,Traveling in a local train after a long time. Still people don't understand difference between reserved and unreserved bogie. #AccheDin,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T08:25:59
427,"Time of arrival of Poorva is 6:30 am in Delhi, now its reaching at 2:00 pm. No fog, no technical error. I lost my precious 7 hours extra. Can our honourable minister give explainations for this late.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T08:22:35
428,"Very pathetic .... travelling in awadh assam 15910, joke of cleanness, no electric connection for mobile & fan & suffering frm high price from vendors",Maintenance,,,,1,1,15910.0,,2018-02-27T08:19:13
429,refund my money ₹ 435.00.  I am trying continuesly from 5 days. ticket ID [IRCTC #8220426],Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T08:12:51
430,Pnr#6411302258 Travelling from Tata to Patna. This train has so many passengers that are without proper tickets boarded the reservation compartments but there is no ticket checker in fact I think no one is concerned about the passengers who pay for reservations,Security,,,,1,1,,6411302258.0,2018-02-27T08:11:22
431,"Even after complaining 2 times no action was taken no services were provided and no safety for the passengers, all the coach attendants were found sleeping in coach no.A3, worst train.",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T07:54:32
432,"Yesterday was one hell of a journey by train no.22126, from delhi to jhansi without any coach attendant in coach no.A1. 1/2",Maintenance,,,,1,,22126.0,,2018-02-27T07:51:55
433,No fans working in Morbi-Wankanker local trains.. is this  and  Gujarat Model?,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T07:41:56
434,"12274 Howrah Duronto Express delayed by over 2 hours again...this has become routine and frustrating....Sirs, can you please help??",Operations,,,,1,1,12274.0,,2018-02-27T07:26:32
435,"Would like to bring to your notice that lots of Physically challenged employees are posted in the 2/3/4 floors of buildings. Fear is what if there is a fire? How would they be evacuated, Please accomodate them at Gr level.",Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T07:07:51
436,Is there anyone who can see why Magadh Express is delayed by more than 7hrs? Is this the way to operate Indian Railways? Delays have become a regular feature. The people of India is suffering & no one is there.,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T07:02:47
437,"traveling in kolkata patna express, train no. 13131 and stuck from more than one and half hours near gulzarbagh station which is nearly 5 kms away from patna junction. Great going indian railways.",Operations,,,,1,1,13131.0,,2018-02-27T06:08:11
438,special train. Rail Yatra.  Indian has one of the best mode of transport - Railway connects from Kashmir to Kanyakumari,Operations,,,Positive,1,,,,2018-02-27T06:05:30
439,"We were in a expecting that the trains were in time and were carrying food accordingly, due to this delay the food we had got over and was difficult to carry food for long journey. If v r understanding the delay u shud not take us for granted. #inconvenience_caused",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T06:00:00
440,"Ma'am my humble request was that at least u shud hve told us abt the delay which was a mental torcher for all the 150 pax, we had to fight to open the ladies waiting room which was unclean.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T05:55:09
441,sir my sister lose her reservation ticket when how can she journey in train by ticket photo& I'd proof,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T05:50:43
442,Vibhuti express12333#not moving # late by 7 hours #plz stop harassing people #lods of senior citizens and Kidd around me suffering# Patna yet to come # actual time 4am now its 10:35am # Usual frequency of being late for this train it was 10 hours late yesterday,Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-27T05:09:44
443,Not Refund Received.. kindly please check & solved it..,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T04:45:26
444,"they are looting public money, you officers wearing bangles and sitting in offices better to keep mehandi also, you useless railway staff, before I complained about selling more than mrp in bza you donkeys didn't taken any action and still it's continuing in bza",Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-27T04:38:33
445,"Can u please tell me why should we pay for using toilets in waiting hall in visakhapatnam junction, that too 10rs instead of 2,3 rs mentioned, shame on you indian railways.bad one is pay and use toilets in waiting halls, looting public money is only goal for you,",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-27T04:36:05
446,Train 15015 detained in LJN div because of movement of other mail express trains and schedule maintenance of its rake at Gkp. Train 12512 is delayed in other divisions as it is yet to touch LJN division. Inconvenience regretted. Copy to :,Operations,,,,1,,15015.0,,2018-02-27T04:35:41
447,"What is the reason for delay got 12561, more than 9 hrs of delay. Y customer care nvr  . R we just paying taxes fr these pathetic services",Operations,,,,1,,12561.0,,2018-02-27T04:01:18
448,Sitting in 3A train 22451 in B3. It has become a GENERAL A/c. Completely jam packed with unreserved passengers. Coach and TT both ineffective. I Hope Indian Railways improve in our lifetime. :(((,Misc,,,,1,,22451.0,,2018-02-27T03:29:05
449,local passholders have boarded reserved coach noS12 of 22956 kutch superfast express at valsad.kindly take immediate action on vapi station.,Security,,,,1,1,22956.0,,2018-02-27T03:06:29
450,Train No 11124 is now late by 6 hours. Still standing at GKP. Fed up #frustrated#latishindianrailway,Operations,,,,1,1,11124.0,,2018-02-27T02:41:56
451,"Prices hv bn hiked. Cancellation chrgs hikd. For what.. traveling in 02821 26 feb 18, strtd late y 5 hr..rnning late y 10 hr..stopping at evry station.. all my schedule gone 4 a toss. B r helpless to authoritarian apprch of",Operations,,,,1,,2821.0,,2018-02-27T00:32:03
452,"Has to travel with patient to Delhi by train no 19602,pnr no 6411826918 and the train is 7 hours delay...Pls do something so that it does not get delayed any more.or pls help us in reaching delhi by any other means.",Operations,,,,1,1,19602.0,6411826918.0,2018-02-26T23:34:49
453,are great Train number 12880 is deley by 6-7hrs and the waiting is full. Me & my sister we have 3rd AC ticket still we are setting at platform No.1 and when i asked to query counter that person said cant say when the train arrives.,Operations,,,,1,,12880.0,,2018-02-26T22:37:14
454,Train number 12178 why so late today? I have some urgent work in Kolkata on 27/02/18 but train is approx 7 hour late.Please make train fast . I am with my family and we boarded from Cheoki station on 26/02/18. How will I be present on time there?,Operations,,,,1,1,12178.0,,2018-02-26T21:44:05
455,"One should not sleep while traveling....at least Railways LED light will not allow it... Its automated, no switch off button.... Pic taken right from my seat... Train 12962, B1",Security,,,,1,,12962.0,,2018-02-26T21:23:10
456,"Automated LED lights in 3 tiers coaches...while traveling one can't switch off light in night...don't understand why to trouble passengers????? many people can't sleep when lights on...below pic taken at 2.31am, train no. 12962, B1",Security,,,,1,,12962.0,,2018-02-26T21:03:22
457,#WoMannKiBaat  why not single seat availability for whole April month from LTT TO BSB even checking before 2 months. I can't take my family at town this time to attend my cousin sister marriage because of your pathetic strategy .  #NarendraModi,Commercial,,,Enquiry,1,,,,2018-02-26T18:50:47
458,it has 2 parking one normal Rs.20 and another VIP Rs 100. you probably went to the VIP.  Also please park and go if they have to return same day or next day.   Did not understand what it really meant.,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T18:50:15
459,Pnr 2604451611 pls clean the toilet and fill the water tank also,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2604451611.0,2018-02-26T18:48:41
460,why not single seat availability for whole April month from LTT TO BSB even checking before 2 months. I can't take my family at town this time to attend my cousin sister marriage because of your pathetic strategy .  #NarendraModi,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T18:47:49
461,Train no 17038 is diverted from normal route however there is no update of its current status. Can you tell when will it reach Jalgaon Jn ?,Operations,,,,1,1,17038.0,,2018-02-26T18:12:21
462,It's incredible India.   #Shivgangaexpress. Cleaning of platform in a new way.,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T18:11:37
463,"PNR NO- 8423290328 . Train number is 13238 . Food is given without water nd plate .Mouse is roaming in compartment . Compartment number AB1(2nd tier Ac)..Didn't get towel , pillow ,  is not working properly.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,13238.0,8423290328.0,2018-02-26T17:50:43
464,It is disappointing to see that a long distance train is made to wait with at least 8- 9 trains allowed to pass . Nothing can be done in the country without excuses. A train which wa on time till kanpur at 2000 hr. Is now late by 2.45 hr. God save the railways,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T17:16:19
465,"This is the condition of Indian Railways.The temperature is perfect,weather is perfect but Train has to ve  all those who support and favour Bullet trains,pehle ye sudhaar lein.Jai Hind!",Operations,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-26T17:06:13
466,traveling by train (12703)after a long time. Pathetic house keeping service! We talk about advancing in many directions but Don’t know when will the basic amenities at least will get right! Just Waiting for the journey to get over!,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12703.0,,2018-02-26T16:49:26
467,"M/S S.B Wani & Comoany ,Jalgaon Junction sells water bottle at Rs 18/- where as MRP is Ra 15/- .I repeatedly askd for MRP they denied.Plz tk appropriate action.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T16:47:13
468,Attached are my season ticket pass and ticket fine. Pls revert with the procedure also .,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T16:45:09
469,traveling by train (12703)after a long time. Pathetic house keeping service! We talk about advancing in many directions but Don’t know when will the basic amenities at least will get right!,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12703.0,,2018-02-26T16:43:50
470,PNR NO- 6611695052 Train no-13201 DOJ-25/2/18 ACOI to LTT SL /S11/ 41 Radheshyam kesarwani Age 63 Year In this person missing Do not come to home today.  Please help us  My cont. -08652224065,Security,,,,1,1,13201.0,6611695052.0,2018-02-26T16:36:48
471,where is the accountibility  of filthy condition of ac coaches????TC got 20 complains minimum that night,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T16:35:32
472,We need our money back and strictest action against concerned officials.. you should have condition of travellers in the coach..,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T16:30:23
473,The customer service not answering the call for the last 30 mins. No wonder why it's a pain to travel with Indian railways,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T16:27:13
474,Pathetic condition of Indian Railways still. Train no.12561 running more than 7 hours late. Do u even value time. Disappointed again.Bording from Varanasi JN,Operations,,,,1,1,12561.0,,2018-02-26T16:25:06
475,PNR 8302290649 Train no: 22945 (26.02.2018) NO pillow covers,Maintenance,,,,1,,22945.0,8302290649.0,2018-02-26T16:16:57
476,No response from railways and still train is standing... Small kids are crying... Insecure place,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T16:10:35
477,"Train 12887, Howrah-Puri, B1..NO WATER IN THE COMPARTMENT..",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12887.0,,2018-02-26T16:04:45
478,train no. 11124 standing at Kanpur outer for almost 2 hours now. No information. Pathetic state of Railways.,Operations,,,,1,1,11124.0,,2018-02-26T15:46:52
479,"looking for drinking water bottles in train 12351, coupe c upper/lower",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12351.0,,2018-02-26T15:46:19
480,train No. 11124 pnr no. 2605161930. Train standing before Kanpur Railway Station from past two hours... Its pathetic... All trains are passing by,Operations,,,,1,1,11124.0,2605161930.0,2018-02-26T15:42:51
481,rats running around in the compartment of 22944 Indore Pune express. S12,Maintenance,,,,1,1,22944.0,,2018-02-26T15:38:31
482,train No. 11124 pnr no. 2605161930. Train standing before Kanpur Railway Station from past two hours... Its pathetic... All trains are passing by,Operations,,,,1,1,11124.0,2605161930.0,2018-02-26T15:36:29
483,"Train no 12232 PNR Num 2822028677 Coach B4 birth num 49 ,50 not cleaned . kindly arrange attendant to clean it",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12232.0,2822028677.0,2018-02-26T15:35:20
484,Traveling in Train No 12203 G2 Garib rath and no one came to give the bed linen/blankets power plugs are not working and coaches are also not cleaned.,Maintenance,,,,1,,12203.0,,2018-02-26T15:32:10
485,Name:- Shreya sinha Seat number7  Ab1 3 ac Train number -15233 After crossing lakhisaray railway station some students started pulling the chain after every 5 minutes interval and thn some people started throwng stones near the windows,Security,,,,1,1,15233.0,,2018-02-26T15:17:52
486,"We in al 150 pax in trn no.15015 trvlng in 1 grp suffering from trn late by 7 hrs need compensations.Dirty trn, after complaining settled cleaning after 3 hrs.Same exprnc train no.12512 late by 9hrs need compensations.",Operations,,,,1,,15015.0,,2018-02-26T14:46:55
487,Everyday few mobiles are snatched between Santa Cruz and khar by standing on ploes and hitting sticks Sometimes people may loose life by this snatchers.request to tighten security between those trachks.,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T14:44:17
488,why don’t make premium FP for premium trains? Also keep 1st class coach near to the exit followed by other class.,Maintenance,,,Suggestion,1,,,,2018-02-26T14:41:30
489,"Railway services is going bad to pathetic on route Delhi to Rohtak . On regular basis ,train suitable for ily passenger according to office timing ,delay 1-2 hrs . Please look into this.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T14:38:40
490,as even smaller bussinesses moving online can't non reserved tickets have not been allowed through app booking?,Commercial,,,Suggestion,1,,,,2018-02-26T14:01:21
491,"- Yesterday I booked a general tickets for senior citizen online from KGP - NGP by 12860 #GitanjaliExp & after chart prepare it shows WT 82, so what should I do for refund fare of this ticket ?",Commercial,,,,1,,12860.0,,2018-02-26T13:45:18
492,sir i am travelled on train12558 sapt kranti exp frm anvt to lko in S2 coach no light no fan is working pls take action now,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T13:06:21
493,Why is the train no 14316 cancelled? The daily commuters have chocked the reserved class of train no. 15274,Operations,,,,1,,14316.0,,2018-02-26T12:56:43
494,"PNR-2342585888, Thought, the food had improved in trains. Was wrong! Very! This, for 150/-!!! Joke? Pain apathy?  …",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2342585888.0,2018-02-26T12:29:06
495,"PNR No. :2823470424; Watery dal in plastic packets, tiny pieces of chicken coated with thick batter to make them look big, in watery gravy for 150/-!!! Joke? Plain apathy? #Despicable IRCTC …",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2823470424.0,2018-02-26T12:17:10
496,"dear sir can we use ""cash on delivery "" payment mode for tatkal ticket booking.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T12:14:29
497,"PNR:2243040162; The coach is in terrible condition-rattling! Bathrooms are despicable, dirty; exhaust, taps, nothing working! Embarrassed to travel in such expired coaches, especially in tourist circuits. Any Foreigner will frown on us",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2243040162.0,2018-02-26T11:44:37
498,"Was booking a ticket from Mumbai csmt to Nanded on 22 Feb, ticket did not get booked even though the amount got debited. Booked a complaint via email but still no refund received since then [IRCTC #8185769]",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T11:13:09
499,is there a TC for train number 16535? Have some courtesy to reply,Operations,,,,1,1,16535.0,,2018-02-26T11:03:14
500,You book ur seat in a reserved compartment - all the general comptmnt folks rush in . A seat of 3 is occupied by 6. You complain and they couldn’t give a fuck . State of Indian railways #pathetic #indainrailways # shitty #shameful,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T11:01:30
501,"Train no. & Name - 12558 , Sapt kranti exp. PNR - 2242661225 couch- S3, 43 . There is no watering in the coach. It's very difficult without this to travel.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12558.0,2242661225.0,2018-02-26T10:36:34
502,"it's been 4.5 hours of my journey and 3 hours of the complaint I made but I still can't see any coach attendant here, nobody came for any type of assistance, no services provided till now.",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T10:28:19
503,shame on you INDIAN RAILWAYS. A students is slapped by a TC in jaipur-mumbai superfast (12956). His fault is not having a ticket and refusing to give Money to TC.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12956.0,,2018-02-26T10:23:16
504,"One of my relative travelled from ERS to TPJ in Karaikkal Express , when TTE asked to show the ID proof ,he showed M-Aaadhar, but TTE was not ready to accept it. He wants him to show the hard copy.Are we really moving towards",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T10:17:50
505,11078 update: It is waiting indefinitely at Daund station. The train is already running late. Can something be done?,Operations,,,,1,1,11078.0,,2018-02-26T10:04:10
506,sitting in tata chakulia passenger train (58032) .None of the fan is working damn irritating please take action as we have paid foe the ticket.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,58032.0,,2018-02-26T09:24:38
507,"Indian Railway is the best service provider in the world still in our area we are facing Railway Gate problems which everyday closes for more than 30 Minutes and we do not have Flyover and underground bridges - Umbergaon railway station,Gujarat-396165",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T09:15:11
508,Refunds should be done timely and should not take longer period than 24 hours for failed transactions.,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T09:07:19
509,IRCTC ticket booking payment failed four times amount debited from account it is still not refunded kindly check and solve the issue.,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T09:00:22
510,This is general Car Parking receipt at New Delhi Railway Station Ajmeri Gate Side. Can Railway ministry explain that why people spend 6 Hour to Drop and pickup. It should be 2 Hour or per entry Rs. 20 as other charged.,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T08:28:27
511,This is general Car Parking receipt at New Delhi Railway Station Ajmeri Gate Side. Can Railway ministry explain that why people spend 6 Hour to Drop and pickup. It should be 2 Hour or per entry Rs. 20 as other charged.,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T08:26:36
512,today i was trying to book ticket to delhi from bangalore in tatkal quota(train number 12627) as its peak season ...i thought the ticket will be 200+ base fare (around 995 or 1015) but it was alot more than that,Misc,,,,1,,12627.0,,2018-02-26T08:18:23
513,"Traveling by train no. 22126, coach no. A1, berth no.1, coach attendent not present, neither the linens and blankets are provided nor the gates of the coach are closed, no service no safety...",Maintenance,,,,1,1,22126.0,,2018-02-26T08:10:15
514,"A lot of thanks to railway staff, i got confirmation from railway staff, they have received my bag. I ll collect it by next week",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T08:05:39
515,Bad Facility in coach not water supply in the coach and also train late approx 5 Hours train no. 15116,Maintenance,,,,1,,15116.0,,2018-02-26T07:34:16
516,train no 13050 running late by more than 9 hrs stopping every 15mins and giving way to every passenger train. Don't know whether express train or local.,Operations,,,,1,,13050.0,,2018-02-26T07:17:51
517,We got poor quality food in train. Complained and they took action immediately. Impressed to see the quick response and the activeness. Keep it up indian railways.,Maintenance,,,Positive,1,,,,2018-02-26T07:15:36
518,Very poor service provided by #KhadkiRailwayStation.    1) No announcement of trains. 2) #SinhagadExp khadki boogie not proper. 3) In shivajinagar boogie people thinks they have buyed the #IndianRailway.(do not provide seats to passengers,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T06:46:22
519,"Train no. 14863, Marudhar Express running late by more than 4 hrs, has been consistent in maintaining its late running record. Will railways wake up",Operations,,,,1,,14863.0,,2018-02-26T06:43:31
520,"I canceled an eticket , bt I have not received refund of my money , it’s been more than a week today",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T06:22:32
521,got msg that train no. 12592 is late but I m not getting exact time of departure of this train.,Operations,,,,1,,12592.0,,2018-02-26T06:14:52
522,It's really disgusting that we Pay premium dynamic fares 4 Gorakhpur to AnandVihar Humsafar Express & still it's services as well as train situation is always late tht too more than 4-5hrs.  plz improve IndianRail condition,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T06:14:24
523,money has been deducted from my account but no such notification of failed transaction given from railway app.,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T06:14:03
524,Train no 12834 condition is very bad please look into the matter.,Maintenance,,,,1,,12834.0,,2018-02-26T06:08:30
525,"Dear sir, Train no 12834 rout has changed but train is running very slow.Train late 8 hour.why?",Operations,,,,1,,12834.0,,2018-02-26T06:08:20
526,raised so many complains yesterday by all means but no action yet.. pathetic situation of our Rails and systema,Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-26T05:51:05
527,Any idea when Bareilly Intercity 14315 will be operational again. Lot of daily commuters disturbed...,Operations,,,,1,,14315.0,,2018-02-26T05:06:48
528,"pnr 8664892277 train no 19037 seat S4 53, My cousin has his seat in sleeper and for 1 hour he sat with his mother , her seat is in AC. And in that 1hour TT allocated his seat to other person. And now they are not allowing him to sit on his own seat.",Security,,,,1,1,19037.0,8664892277.0,2018-02-26T05:05:18
529,still train not arrived..is there any meaning to booked the tickets in special train,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T04:35:33
530,"I am a passenger in 12569 Grudavexp , my boding Ernakulam town to Shalimar, our sit numbers in 50,51,53,54 coach S11 , PNR is 4238297686. Now we are facing problems for other unresarave pouple . Please help us right now.",Security,,,,1,1,12569.0,4238297686.0,2018-02-26T04:31:38
531,"Is IR awake.....  Tweets were taken care of In time of Mr. Suresh Prabhu..Still not even a reply for my problem.... Even I made a call on 139...More than an hour passed, but no representative spoke until now.",Misc,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-26T04:03:41
532,need our money back and strictest action against concerned officials.. my family couldn't sleep whole night and still suffering from the bug bites..,Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T03:46:23
533,"sir as you took an innitiative to resolve the age issue of railway recruitment process,i am on behalf of the people of Silchar(assam) and neighbouring areas requesting you kindly add silchar as one of the venue Under RRB Guwahati for this recruitment process",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T03:20:30
534,Shame.waitng at gkp station fr d lst 2hrs.boarded train no 75013.xpectd departure ws 6: still standing at d platform,Operations,,,,1,1,75013.0,,2018-02-26T02:52:05
535,sir my journy date was 25th feb 10.55pm and train not started yet train no 08618 holly special wht will u say,Operations,,,,1,,8618.0,,2018-02-26T02:16:36
536,"My brother forgot his Confirm counter ticket and started train travel. I hav surrendered t ticket  Railway Station, but still TTE is admin for full fine... Y is it so.......",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-26T01:50:20
537,आभार#indianrailway  for listening and taking action on complain which I filed for taking bribe by #tc in train 11463,Security,,,Positive,1,,11463.0,,2018-02-26T00:05:53
538,"sir, we are naveen and Deepak. we are lost our waiting reservation ticket in train no.19566 utranchal express .now we are on this train.our PNR no.is2604750449  Our waiting no. Is 41and42.  Please help sir.....",Commercial,,,,1,1,19566.0,,2018-02-25T23:42:17
539,"sir, we are naveen and Deepak. we are lost our waiting reservation ticket in train no.19566 utranchal express .now we are on this train.our PNR no.is2604750449  Our waiting no. Is 41and42.  Please help sir.....",Commercial,,,,1,1,19566.0,,2018-02-25T23:39:12
540,"sir, we are naveen and Deepak. we are lost our waiting reservation ticket in train no.19566 utranchal express .now we are on this train.our PNR no.is2604750449  Our waiting no. Is 41and42.  Please help sir.....",Commercial,,,,1,1,19566.0,,2018-02-25T23:37:23
541,"sir, we are naveen and Deepak. we are lost our waiting reservation ticket in train no.19566 utranchal express .now we are on this train.we also forget our PNR no.  Our waiting no. Is 41and42.  Please help sir.....",Commercial,,,,1,1,19566.0,,2018-02-25T22:46:52
542,"PNR_NO:2823738946;Just boarded 12308 frm JPR in S2 coach but it's 2 much crowdy wid people sitting one abv the other,seems like a general coach. Need an urgent help from CRPF to prvde safety as it seems unsafe to my luggage n copassenger",Security,,,,1,1,12308.0,2823738946.0,2018-02-25T20:57:51
543,. why am not able to find the running status of train no 12655 which depart from Adi on 25th feb 2018,Operations,,,,1,1,12655.0,,2018-02-25T20:01:25
544,Pathetic hygiene and cleaning for train19808 even at origin station (jaipur). The coach is smelling like shit (literally) and no one is ready to listen. Railway personnel saying you have to live with it.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T19:04:31
545,"Pls look into the Light issue in coach S7 of train 18410, seat number 15 SLB , it is not getting switched off and also toilet flush not working.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,18410.0,,2018-02-25T19:01:56
546,Even tt is feeling helpless as he is not able to manage the crowd,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T18:54:24
547,"Wake up  trains are running so late, no hygiene in bathrooms, no cleaniness in compartments, it's like torture to travel by railways. Traveling by Saryu-yamuna express. It's high time for privatization of railways as who are running it, are good for nothing.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T18:49:10
548,Sir GRP Rayagada is not working properly in Station . Sir there fore I would request to you please take a strong action because just for loose security of Railway people loss his life during cross the train line.,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T18:22:47
549,"Ypr-bkr exp travelling to vadodara, coach is filled with wailting list people who are drunk and not allowing ladies to use washroom train number16587 reaching solapur now",Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T18:19:06
550,pathetic situation of ac trains.. train number 11040,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,11040.0,,2018-02-25T18:16:30
551,such a poor state of ac trains in India...no help from 138,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T18:14:50
552,can I get information of local and dmu trains between Jammu tawi station and katra station,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T18:13:50
553,12559 is standing at allahabad on 25th Feb for 1.5 hours. Pl have the train dsignalled for delhi. Long wait for no reason.   .,Operations,,,Negative,1,,12559.0,,2018-02-25T18:08:41
554,The train announcer at Surat station is so irritating .His voice is …,Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T18:08:28
555,"TN.12834.DOJ: 24/03,Howrah. PNR; 611-173-4744. Some one says that train was diverted. What is the time to reach surat.~",Operations,,,,1,1,12834.0,,2018-02-25T17:47:10
556,No action from helpline number 138.. such a poor condition of Indian Railways.. shame on it..,Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T17:40:30
557,"Train 12267, Mumbai-Ahmedabad, G6- No water in taps",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12267.0,,2018-02-25T17:38:27
558,Train 11040 coach B2 full of Bed Bugs at night.. no action from anyone..      ... Worst service of Railway despite charging hectic ticket amounts..,Maintenance,,,,1,1,11040.0,,2018-02-25T17:31:58
559,"Sir Train no. 17057, even passengers with reservation can't get to their seats.Extremely overcrowded. Ladies babies and reservation passengers in extreme problem",Security,,,,1,1,17057.0,,2018-02-25T17:13:50
560,Such a mess Indian railways   12478 coach b4 is so dirty. Shame on swacch bharat mission,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12478.0,,2018-02-25T17:13:21
561,where is your train no 15053,Operations,,,,1,1,15053.0,,2018-02-25T17:08:27
562,"Was travelling from Rajdhani Exp 2 tier AC, the quality of food in RAJDHNI's 2nd AC was so superbly gross that it compelled me to think of the status of food served in sleeper class. This food is not advisable for any living being.",Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T16:52:43
563,"Travelling to Mumbai by Mahalaxmi Express and what a surprise my ticket got upgraded... first time in my life experiencing this....Thank You   ,",Commercial,,,Positive,1,,,,2018-02-25T16:23:36
564,Delayed response from cleaning team at Shornur JN. Failed to clean the the same within 12 minutes of stoppage. Its clear indication of intention to not provide heiginic conditions to the passengers. Shame....     …,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T15:57:35
565,B2 Dakhshin express from Delhi to Hyderabad. There are guys making noise and creating nuisance. Please look into it . Reaching Ballarshah,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T15:57:22
566,air ticket booking site irctcair is not opening up for the last one month. just got to see once which read as its a beta version and railways had updated the web page. But unfortunately not opening for the past one month. kindly look into the matter.,Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T15:55:10
567,#TRAIN no 13006 is not moving from #Varanasi since last 3 hours. This is #NarendraModi constituency. Imagine the plight of other trains     #UPInvestorsSummit #UPInvestorsSummit2018 #DigitalIndia,Operations,,,,1,1,13006.0,,2018-02-25T15:49:00
568,"tried booking Rajdhani first class for June. At nearly 6500, comfortably exceeds any flight ticket. Is it now only for elites or freeloaders?",Commercial,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T15:41:04
569,"Hi Team,  Please stop taking money from passenger if you not able to provide service. We the people booked the ticket 4 month advance but at time of boarding there were not a single inch space to reach out our seats. PNR :2504196679",Security,,,,1,,,2504196679.0,2018-02-25T15:37:00
570,TT smoking in train. How he punished other?,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T15:13:26
571,train # 12252 standing at Ballarshah with no proper reason & rumor is blunder from railways providing confirmed tickets without bogie attaches S12. Please check.,Operations,,,,1,1,12252.0,,2018-02-25T15:11:09
572,I am traveling in kota patna express an pantry car is collecting 20Rs fro per water bottle.,Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T15:07:23
573,condition of water 3ac coach. Ltt dbg express 11062 no watersupply. Cut down since morning,Maintenance,,,,1,1,11062.0,,2018-02-25T15:01:40
574,"Dear Sir, I working on one project and would like to know who would be the right person to discuss.  The device will indicate the time to wait display and train speed at every railway crossing.   15,000 people die every year at railway crossing",Misc,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T15:01:06
575,I have bought a ticket of Second Class of unchahaar Express from panipat to Delhi.  There is no space in any 2nd class coach. NOT EVEN TO STAND What should I do..?   Should I leave the train? Should I go for refund? Or  I Should board any sleeper coach.??,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T14:39:21
576,"sir, recently I booked 2 tickets in Howrah to Chennai mail and learnt that the train was more than 2 hours late. I am unable to cancel my tickets and I preferred to travel in another train , purchasing new tickets. I lost my money and travel plan",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T14:33:45
577,"failed to provide a clean toilet to a reserved compartment which is a paid journey, and we are talking mouthful on success of swach bharat abhiyaan a free service for public place.!!!!!!!     sir …",Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T14:22:57
578,i Im travelling from nasik to aurangabad in AC chair car but in that bogie near abt 75 passenger is qstanding bu there is no official persin to take care,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T13:47:21
579,There is no current position showing of the train no. 12524. Kindly update the current status of the train.,Operations,,,,1,1,12524.0,,2018-02-25T13:37:02
580,One thing that you can always be sure of when travelling with Indian Railways is that you'll never board and deboard at the scheduled time.     Travelling with 12502 Sampark Kranti. The train is already delayed by 3 hours.  PNR 2340978093,Operations,,,Negative,1,,12502.0,2340978093.0,2018-02-25T13:34:04
581,Howrah yeshwanthpur express and the return train are the worst to travel in sleeper class. 100% occupied by stray passengers,Security,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T13:28:02
582,#IndianRailways u are the worst...u don't care about anyone..people are standing on platform for last 5 hour and u have not cleared the route for train no. 19045.. u r disgusting,Operations,,,,1,1,19045.0,,2018-02-25T13:11:28
583,A man fall from Anga express betweenJTJ-KPD yesterday approx 5PM bt still body lying on track near minnur . Sir please help a friend of that man please contact Raju-7708725237 where's the humanity gone,Security,,,,1,1,,7708725237.0,2018-02-25T13:10:34
584,Yet again complaints were still not returned. The train has no cooling since Surat. 4hours of all the more uncomfortable journey.    ignoring tweets won't help.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T12:11:14
585,no water at ro plant booth on platform 5 in Varanasi.. please look,Maintenance,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T12:08:07
586,Train No 08627 spl train from howrah to Ranchi is supposed to go via Bokaro steel city and my mom got her ticket done till bokaro steel city. But now train is not going via bokaro and she got this news after boarding the train. This is such a failure.,Operations,,,,1,1,8627.0,,2018-02-25T11:57:47
587,"I want to raise a complaint that the power supply to ""General(Unreserved) compartment"" next to C1 in the train number 16315 has not been switched on. Request you to direct the officials take immediate action as it's very hot inside.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,16315.0,,2018-02-25T11:54:51
588,the Rajdhani toilets are stinking even before the train starts. A1 - 12952,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12952.0,,2018-02-25T11:38:08
589,"forgot to collect my handbag, train detail is PNR-2501616127 Trn:12304 Dt:24-02-2018 Frm NDLS to JSME Cls:3A P1-B3,29",Security,,,,1,1,12304.0,2501616127.0,2018-02-25T11:20:42
590,11009 Mumbai-Pune Sinhgad express bogie D5 is having more cockroaches than human beings. Seems no pest control done for a long time.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,11009.0,,2018-02-25T11:20:14
591,Plz the train 11124 gwl to barauni running late plz do something feeling so tired it stopped to all station and stayed to long halt........,Operations,,,,1,1,11124.0,,2018-02-25T11:18:02
592,Please recruit at least a single pantry staff who can easily communicate with foreigners for selling foods n snaks.bcz they don't undrstnd what they need. Trvlng in train 12295.seen 3 foreigners in sleeper class. Please do smthng,Misc,,,Negative,1,,12295.0,,2018-02-25T11:11:57
593,trn no. 13021 delayed by over 12hrs.  Who is suffering: poor passengers Who gets rewarded: The driver (overtime)  Well i wud hv also cause crazier delays had i been driver. Time to review the policies.  Don’t throw our taxes like ds,Operations,,,,1,1,13021.0,,2018-02-25T11:06:07
594,Train no 19045 surat se chapra jane wali 7 hrs late hai. Dusari train nikal rahi hai aur isko khada kar rakha hai.,Operations,,,,1,1,19045.0,,2018-02-25T10:52:10
595,Indian railway site NTES fooling passengers by their site train arrived at station at 15.47PM and same has been updated at 15.46PM,Misc,,,Negative,1,,,,2018-02-25T10:50:28
596,PNR No.6411796156 train no.18304 seat no.C2/3. Currently I am travelling in chair car but the push back is not working. It's difficult to sleep in the seat. This needs to be repaired. We are paying money for comphert but the service is bad.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,18304.0,6411796156.0,2018-02-25T10:38:39
597,Hi time #railway mus b moved 2 #privatisation if govt really wants improvement.,Commercial,,,Suggestion,1,,,,2018-02-25T10:37:18
598,I have book my vehicle for parcel on 21 feb from Raipur to Ahmedabad. They have charged extra money without any receipt. Then i got msg from railway which enclosed. Today i got call your Parcel has been received to Ahmedabad they have charged me late pickup fee,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T10:19:20
599,"Body cut in 2 lying on the Platform3 track in Katpadi Railway Junction. Witnessing people's apathy, I hope my eyes are failing me.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T10:18:27
600,I am at kanpur central station. My train no is 15632 but it is too late from expected time. I also have a baby with me we are very tensed please do something for us.,Operations,,,,1,1,15632.0,,2018-02-25T10:14:35
601,"Is it mandatory that passenger holding valid booking; to beg for bedding for overnight travel from Raipur to Pune  ??? PNR: 6711120968,TRAIN: 02822,DOJ:25-02-18,3A,R-PUNE",Commercial,,,,1,,2822.0,6711120968.0,2018-02-25T10:13:43
602,"Sir your complaint has been forwarded to all concern RPF Post of Mumbai Div.(CR) for necessary action on daily basis. If you have complaint like this in the future, please contact us on 182 for real time assistance. RPF will assist you.",Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-25T10:06:00
603,On my way to Nagpur train Sevagram late by three hours worst is the waiting room all sits are sunk down so bad that if you sit for three hours you are likely to Loose ur back,Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-25T09:48:58
604,Transaction has been made but ticket was not booked. Please check and refund my money.,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-25T08:54:19
605,"Rather than buying Bullet Train from Japan, we should first learn from them how to run our existing trains on time. We all remember the headlines it made, few days earlier when they publicly apologized for releasing one of their trains early by a few seconds.",Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-25T08:31:25
606,"We should think about this problem,which is increasing day by day in Mumbai Local.I respect this people,I think government should take action.Equal rights were made  for them by Indian Government.#Shame",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T08:23:08
607,no train at the station however the online status is on time.. this is how digital India is progressing,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T08:13:52
608,"Intercity express at old Delhi 12481 old parents travelling, no status or train at station. Very painful to see this is how Modi govt is improving ...",Operations,,,,1,0,12481.0,,2018-02-25T08:01:56
609,"Sir you guys charge hefty amount for the AC trains, but can't run a basic system properly. My mother is traveling by SRC-Pune Special, train #02822 and the AC is malfunctioning.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,2822.0,,2018-02-25T07:53:42
610,tte checked the coaches and caught the transgenders and will be handed over at bpq,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T07:33:45
611,damaged in second AC by Monstrous Rats in Jhelum Express 11078. Boarded from Gwalior on 24th February 2018 to pune. PNR 2500409556.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,11078.0,2500409556.0,2018-02-25T07:08:02
612,PNR;-4654297338 I am travelling in ypr-NZM spr. Ex. it's the second time from the morning transgenders are their in train and disturbing people and asking for money. Where is GRP & TC. refund my fare because u r unable to give peaceful journey.,Security,,,,1,1,,4654297338.0,2018-02-25T06:47:53
613,"please do something about the open train 51701 D1 running between Jabalpur Rewa , Chasing the life of innocent children. Just informing.",Security,,,,1,0,51701.0,,2018-02-25T06:45:22
614,Bokked complaint at     ticket id [IRCTC #8206967],Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T06:32:54
615,am traveling to bangalore from kanpur with my wife and she is pregnant. Today no direct train from kanpur so i took 2 tickets.Because of delay of LLT express around 3 to 4 hour i faced so many problem.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T06:29:26
616,"pnr - 8424947208 train no. 12833 coach no - S10 seat no.- 9,10,12,15. the toilet is too dirty. no water available. TTE IS NOT REPLYING TO THE COMPLAIN",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12833.0,8424947208.0,2018-02-25T05:29:54
617,Kindly prevent such pathetic conditions!,Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-25T05:20:07
618,Expecting to arrive asap by 12104 to Jhansi .. my connecting train is 12708 towards Hyd,Operations,,,,1,0,12104.0,,2018-02-25T04:51:56
619,"last day l post a pic regarding few daily passenger smoke cigarettes ,playing cards(for money) in Howrah to Tata #Steel_city express. But no one take the steps. #Indian_railway asks my journey details!!!!!! ohhh great...",Security,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-25T04:20:06
620,Reached Nagpur 8 AM Ultimately Train was running late 12 Hours Now... Too much booooooring,Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-25T03:42:23
621,kindly review train number #13287...to cover 500 km it takes around 14 hours. Remove the superfast tag. This is only sleeper train available between Jamshedpur and Patna. Never reaches on time,Operations,,,,1,1,13287.0,,2018-02-25T03:41:26
622,"pathetic service in AEX 14, Train No 12423. Staff strength not adequate, food quality bad.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12423.0,,2018-02-25T03:30:12
623,"trainno. 17405 Tirupati to Adilabad, mobile charging ports not working in S2 coach, Feb25-2018 My seat S2-40",Maintenance,,,,1,1,17405.0,,2018-02-25T03:26:34
624,I saw a suitcase stranded on a bench at 2no platform on damodar jn. West bengal. No one came to receive it... I didn't have time to inform anyone.pls check it. Tried 182 helpline no didn't work.cld be nothing bt thought of informing anyway.,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-25T03:14:52
625,The train tickets only can book before 3months of your travel but when I was booking my ticket for 25thfeb 2018 on 4 Nov 2018 why I was unable to get confirm ticket. Agents who are selling ticket on high price.9 wl not confirmed,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T03:08:25
626,giving only 75 ml coffee instead of 150ml for everyone in 22802 trains from Chennai to Vishakapatinam,Maintenance,,,,1,,22802.0,,2018-02-25T03:04:21
627,"sir my uncle who is a cancer patient got a tatkal ticket booked on her wife name by mistake can u please transfer the ticket to his name. Pnr 8102746696 train 14708 doj 25-02-18 ,so,bdts-fa dep 15:05 S10 52. need to be transferred to rajesh jain",Commercial,,,,1,,14708.0,8102746696.0,2018-02-25T02:58:36
628,",  .. I am sure there are better ways to display extra coaches. Train no 12935, people were finding it difficult to get to the coach.",Commercial,,,,1,,12935.0,,2018-02-25T02:39:36
629,PNR :- 2342918466 Boarded from Ratlam Junction and one door was closed because plates were kept in coach B5 and from another door passengers were getting off and all the used trays were kept at our seats.! Untidy.!,Maintenance,,,,1,,,2342918466.0,2018-02-25T02:27:04
630,Dear Sir We are on the way to Rourkela by Ahmedabad Howrah Express which is now more than one hour delay.After this we have to get Tapaswani express to go to Hatia RANCHI.Can we get that train now which is running on time. Can Tapaswani wait for all,Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T02:03:04
631,at Borivali station lot of beggers at station pf.6 with infants looks like some organised gang,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T01:56:34
632,Train no.14208 running late 3 hours and ntes not upadated status ...waiting since 4 am at LKO Station .Is it so called development,Operations,,,,1,,14208.0,,2018-02-25T01:55:41
633,"Durantos are too cold, 1 comforter cant save from getting cold train#12227 B3",Maintenance,,,,1,,12227.0,,2018-02-25T01:44:18
634,"Swacchh Bharat hoardings neglected at Chhatrapati Sh. Mhj. Terminus, Mum",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T00:49:14
635,"train12512 B4,all bottle handle r broken. Seat holder also broken. My pnr4651471513",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-25T00:32:40
636,"Rats in Rajhdhani... If so is the case with best of  ,, what cannot be expected from rest of it..",Maintenance,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T23:02:20
637,"Travelling by RMR HWH Spl (0507), boarding @ BJU. The train is delayed by 7 hrs.  Can't we introduce a system where passengers can get prior notifications or SMS about such lengthy delays.",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T19:36:25
638,"no A1, .  kindly refund half the amount i ve paid for my journey. Cz half of my journey i have been treated as a person traveling w/o ticket. #shameon  …",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T19:06:55
639,"no A1, seat no 31   finally at 12.30am, i who paid Rs.3565 n whos seat was confirmed got a berth to sleep. Berth is stinking no hygiene. Customer care n satisfaction is not even close to zero its in minus... …",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T19:04:23
640,my friend-Harish travelling by train 20811 PNR-6510924417 with his daughter & wife the coach is jerking a lot. He tried complaining TTE as well as on railway website...but website not submitting complaint and TTE was not able to solve !! Plz help !,Operations,,,,1,1,20811.0,6510924417.0,2018-02-24T18:50:42
641,"my sister traveling with two children having 150 seats vacant they got 24,56,72 berth pnr 6511706648 pathetic Indian railway system",Operations,,,,1,,,6511706648.0,2018-02-24T18:49:50
642,"we don't need any additional train. Please do something so,all trains start running on time. Travelling via train is really a painful journey as of now.   I noticed that I nothing have been changed in railway, why they are shouting?",Operations,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T18:46:58
643,"Respected All, I am traveling to Muzaffarpur via Sapt Kranti superfast express. But after looking it's speed , can't we change its name? Sir , my only request is please take some initiative so that all train start running at it's time.",Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T18:37:20
644,Finally I reached my destination bol at 8:30 PM sent to GRP and lodged FIR of stolen bag. GRP police wasnt at all helpful and had to finally wait till 10:30 PM feeling harrassed cheated by Indian railway,Security,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T18:37:05
645,.Railway has stop putting charts outside the coaches as a result rac n wl passengers don't get to know status of empty seats N as a result tc instead of giving berths to rac allot the seats according to their profit .plz look into it,Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T18:06:28
646,my no 7021024105 it's urgent,Misc,,,,1,1,,7021024105.0,2018-02-24T18:03:33
647,I m in Bhavnagar express s1 49 my child is vommitting can any one help plese,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-24T18:02:38
648,Im tried to sleep in    sir in 3 tier YPR to GKP train 15024 so much cockroaches an harmfull pest this should clean properly its unhygienic cockroaches are coming seat roaming they spreading infections its humble request,Maintenance,,,,1,1,15024.0,,2018-02-24T18:02:08
649,ur website is too buggy. I have filed an online TDR for Train no 12591. With transaction id: 100001141597853 PNR no. 2242053482 User ID: Gururaj26  Now its showing no results. earlier the status was pending..,Commercial,,,,1,,12591.0,2242053482.0,2018-02-24T17:45:11
650,No support GRP from panipat to Bhopal. My bag was stolen in panipat while traveling from cdg to bpl. PNR no 2505083959 4000cash+ attire+ shoes got stolen,Security,,,,1,1,,2505083959.0,2018-02-24T16:36:44
651,pantry car staff is not responding properly and very poor housekeeping service in Bihar Sampark karanti train no. 12566. Pnr:- 2342932770.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12566.0,2342932770.0,2018-02-24T15:46:56
652,Udhna busy junc. No digital display of coach no. We need display. Trouble to travellers.,Misc,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T15:33:50
653,Cockroach breeding everywhere in train 15273 coach 3AC and govt talks about world class bullet trains. Any explanation to this ????,Maintenance,,,,1,0,15273.0,,2018-02-24T14:47:21
654,"Not got refund from irctc from last four months after TDR approved. Not connecting on irctc no also and no reply for mail. Please help, irctc I'd Ashish4511",Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T14:43:28
655,PNR 4861748871 Raptisagar express 12522 coach S6 seat no. 65. 66. Heavy rush in reserved sleeper coach. Can't even go to toilet. Please help,Maintenance,,,,1,0,12522.0,4861748871.0,2018-02-24T14:35:21
656,"Sir, ladies toilet must be available at renukoot railway station.",Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T14:34:03
657,To hell with  one of worst option for travel late service late running and no call pick up from customer care ... where is the good days now,Commercial,,,,1,,,,2018-02-24T14:26:21
658,Travelling in train 19027 vivek express and travelling with rats and mosquitoes...Manager in train is in humour said madam rat h salman Khan thode hai...We can't do anything ...MATLAB 2ac is also not safe to travel..   help required coach A1,Maintenance,,,,1,1,19027.0,,2018-02-24T13:54:47
659,Dear Sirs my husband mispalced his tatkal ticket...now they are asking him to pay the full amoubt of the ticket even after giving this his pnr number and a photocopy of the ticket...please advise,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T13:22:42
660,spiking cigrate and playing cards in steel express,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-24T13:11:25
661,in train no 12609 people travel on open tickets even in reserved coaches what is the use of reservation ? And reserved coaches are full due to passenger with open tickets and pushing for 4-5 people to sit on single seat,Security,,,,1,1,12609.0,,2018-02-24T12:47:56
662,"Sealdah-ajmer(12987) and ajmer sealdah trains are delaying by 20-22 hours late from many days Why? Sir, please take this problem seriously, because that is not a single day's problem.",Operations,,,,1,1,12987.0,,2018-02-24T12:47:51
663,"Travelling in Swaraj Express, train no-12472. Train departed today at 11.15 a.m. from Jammu tawi, the train has no cleaning staff. Complaints are not being returned since afternoon   .I had the impression that Indian railways are improving",Maintenance,,,,1,1,12472.0,,2018-02-24T12:45:55
664,traveling in SAMTA Exp via PNR NO 2823692617 the tea service of Catering is very poor. I went in pantry still they are not able to provide tea in A2 coach #pathetic service #toilet is not clean,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2823692617.0,2018-02-24T12:42:53
665,are being delayed because of Indian railways staff ..I think that currently not much track load. Please review the working style …,Operations,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-24T12:41:14
666,train no 12609 full with people of open tickets and still people are taken granted and TT IS leather bothered from D1 TO D10,Security,,,,1,1,12609.0,,2018-02-24T12:38:14
667,Trno 12609 reached jogalarpatti no action or atleast curtsey reply or a fake assurance also not thwre  …,Operations,,,,1,0,12609.0,,2018-02-24T12:36:49
668,I understood there will be no reply or action. It's very shame on this type of ignoring attitude. All can only ignore easily than going for any action and try to improve our systems …,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T12:19:22
669,I am a regular commuter of 12103Pune -Lucknow Express..But don't know why every time its get late by 3-4 hours.,Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T12:16:11
670,"train 12609 left Ambur next station can we xpect some actions , even TT collecting bribe here  …",Security,,,,1,0,12609.0,,2018-02-24T12:02:54
671,Trno 12609 at Ambur can any one make people let them know rules or procedures now and even railways can collect good fine too... …,Operations,,,,1,0,12609.0,,2018-02-24T11:55:05
672,Full day Bad experince after swiss return  kisan express late seats are not good,Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T11:51:02
673,"Brindavan express(Trn No:12640)D8 coach.Y v r not getting rail neer in coaches?? V r getting only 'Reno Jel' water , 'Qrooti' mango juice from authorised seller... Is this products genuine n authorised???",Security,,,,1,1,12640.0,,2018-02-24T11:49:22
674,Brindavan express(Trn No:12640)D8 Reservation coach full of unreserved passengers. It's nightmare to reach our seats with kids.can additional trains or unreserved coachers can be increased in weekends to cater high demand?? Pls consider.,Security,,,,1,1,12640.0,,2018-02-24T11:32:04
675,"Extra money collected in trains for food and other things Coffee/tea -10rs Mineral water-20rs for 1liter Curd rice -30rs  train details are PNR-4861752186 Trn:16516 Dt:24-02-2018 Frm MAJN to YPR Cls:CC P1-C1,38 P2-C1,42",Maintenance,,,,1,0,16516.0,4861752186.0,2018-02-24T11:27:50
676,"charging more money for tea , coffee, and mineral water in below mentioned train PNR-4861752186 Trn:16516 Dt:24-02-2018 Frm MAJN to YPR Cls:CC P1-C1,38 P2-C1,42 Need immediate action on this , to avoide looting money.",Maintenance,,,,1,0,16516.0,4861752186.0,2018-02-24T11:19:46
677,Thank you   sir   Thank you for this help Indian on Digital Track .,Misc,,,positive,1,0,,,2018-02-24T11:18:13
678,"PNR- 8702147089, 09003 Rajdhani, Pantry Manger denied to serve Continental food. I'm Not allowed to eat oily so Railways is today responsible for my health. Not provided complaint book either.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,9003.0,8702147089.0,2018-02-24T11:06:56
679,"No water in coach S - 3, 4, and 5. Please clean the toilet of 18310 Pnr 2141042740",Maintenance,,,,1,1,18310.0,2141042740.0,2018-02-24T11:00:55
680,"I m traveling by train n 13119 in S3 60, i borad the train in Bareily. This train came to Bareilly late 5:30 hr from the schedul time. After departure frm Bareilly this stops at any place without reason for more than 45 min. My pnr is 6611280899. Plz take actions",Operations,,,,1,1,13119.0,6611280899.0,2018-02-24T10:46:38
681,Worst experience in Kalka mail(12312) today from Delhi to Kanpur.while reaching Kanpur gave crossing for 10 trains so far and right time to reach Kanpur at 14:20PM but still standing 15kms away from kanpur to give crossing for 11th train,Operations,,,,1,0,12312.0,,2018-02-24T10:45:41
682,PNR:4650781150 sampark kranti train no:12649 overflowing garbage bin.. not cleaned despite freq complaints via SMS/call/app,Maintenance,,,,1,0,12649.0,4650781150.0,2018-02-24T10:40:33
683,PNR status 8702611317...booked on 20-2-2018 still not confirmed yet & man seats near booked 40 hours ago got up confirmed ticket.. ..,Commercial,,,,1,0,,8702611317.0,2018-02-24T10:35:00
684,"My user ID (Anuj_2009)suspended, mail to 5 & 6 time but not responding,first mail 9 Jan 18 ticket no-7763490,12 Jan 18 ticket no-7786737,,last 13 Feb 18 ticket no-8089534 & Not recponca call center ,how many time I'd activation",Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T10:14:15
685,Thankyou so much now Power supply is working in 12553 Vaishali Express,Maintenance,,,,1,0,12553.0,,2018-02-24T10:11:36
686,"Where are the basic amenities. No #Indicators working at Station, No #Announcement of the #trains #IndianRailways Complete torcher to #commuters Mira Rd station. we say we are #progressing, which direction I wonder???  #Samadhan",Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T10:04:01
687,There's a deluge of passengers at the booking counter of MAQ. All ATVMs not functioning.,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T09:45:58
688,train no. 12856 ngp bsp intercity 2 hours late already. Since last one hour giving way to goods trains It pains when you start bypassing goods trains,Operations,,,,1,0,12856.0,,2018-02-24T09:44:37
689,"But if any train is regularly late from many days, even from its origin then it was my suggestion that timing should be changed. At least passengers will not suffer.",Operations,,,suggestion,1,0,,,2018-02-24T09:29:59
690,"Booked a parcel for my bike RE from NDLS to JUC on 22/02, no whereabouts of parcel so far. PRR says it was loaded at Delhi but no status after that.",Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T09:23:42
691,worst experience as traveller...my accounts de activate frequently,Misc,,,negative,1,0,,,2018-02-24T09:12:27
692,"19321/Indore-Rajendranagar Terminal Express, Coach BX1. Gas leak from fire extinguisher. Informed the staff. Right now we r safe bt Even after pulling the chain, the train did not stop. May be system is nt working properly.",Maintenance,,,,1,0,19321.0,,2018-02-24T09:05:00
693,Sir Why all the top officials are provided with cell phones when they are not interested to post on the their respective  is for public interest they are provided with Mobile phones even with instrument cost.Discontine pl.,Misc,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T08:56:18
694,"Travelling by Train no 12836 yeshwantpur hatia. Veg meals cost INR 50, catering charged INR 110. Kya scam hai yeh 60 more than govt rates. Not acceptable guys",Maintenance,,,,1,0,12836.0,,2018-02-24T08:41:57
695,This is the fate of public at Jaisidh Jn every day for this train 18420 What an irresponsible railway ministry in looking at this difficult problem Pl answer some responsible official,Operations,,,,1,0,18420.0,,2018-02-24T08:30:26
696,"22405 cancelled, and this info was massaged just 24 hrs before. How my family is going to come from Patna to Delhi. Plz answer.",Operations,,,,1,0,22405.0,,2018-02-24T08:19:01
697,"- Hillirious Was at Varanasi Station by 130 AM for this train which ultimately started at 630 AM Now Since last 90 Mins in Allahabad Awaiting Signal to Proceed Expecting hon'ble  to Push Train, God sake , Do the best.",Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T07:58:27
698,I am traveling from swarn shatabdi 12029 by c7 coach. The washrooms are not properly cleaned and is smelly. And even the seats are not comfortable with the standards of the train. Request for your kind attention and intervention as this is one of premier trains.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12029.0,,2018-02-24T07:49:00
699,Need improvements in customer care dept.,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T07:22:49
700,please consider introducing a fast train from Hyderabad to Goa. Current journey time is too long. A journey that should take 12 hours currently takes 18 hrs. The stop at Guntakal junction for 4 hrs especially painful. #IndianRailways #indianrailway,Misc,,,suggestion,1,0,,,2018-02-24T07:19:36
701,"sir, How a ticket again turned in to RAC after confirming before a week to journey date. Is this ticketing scam? See attached picture of my ticket.",Security,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T07:04:59
702,Very much fed up 14217 where are you all..  6 hour late. I m not attended the interview  Pls help.. Its very painful situation for me,Operations,,,,1,0,14217.0,,2018-02-24T06:51:21
703,Passengers of Lalgola Sealdah Bhagirathi express of reservation compartment is suffering from some regular passengers from krishnanagar.These peoples irritate other passengers using vulgar words while playing cards and smoking in train.,Security,,,,1,1,,,2018-02-24T06:46:51
704,I had cancelled ticket on 22.01.2018. And Refund amount of 1750 should be credited to my account. But after 1 month also it not credited. Transaction id - 100001079172389 cancellation id - 100000213166246 Please solve issue. email:sarkarsaiyednapak,Commercial,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T06:44:44
705,IRCTC #7950950 has been assigned on Jan 31st and still no reply. Will someone assist me please     am surprised on timelines to solve these tickets.,Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T06:22:47
706,sir I m travelling in train no.22947 on pnr no8424914011 and at udhana station now Mr Mukesh Kumar is saying that he is TE and not showing his I'd card he is misbehaving with me,Security,,,duplicate,1,0,22947.0,,2018-02-24T06:07:36
707,sir I m travelling in train no.22947 on pnr no8424914011 and at udhana station now Mr Mukesh Kumar is saying that he is TE and not showing his I'd card he is misbehaving with me,Security,,,,1,0,22947.0,,2018-02-24T06:07:35
708,When will the trains in our country run on time? I was overwhelmed by a misconception trains on time that I skipped LDH and reached JRC station to board train # 04971. After reaching JRC station I find the train just started from LDH. Frustrating!!,Operations,,,,1,0,4971.0,,2018-02-24T06:02:32
709,"sir pls so something, train 14056, pnr 2441081458 any fan in compartment not working, when asked staff say its like this in this train, its a bit hot here so if you pls send some mechanic at next station mugal sarai please.",Maintenance,,,,1,1,14056.0,2441081458.0,2018-02-24T06:01:40
710,NZM-PUN 12494 2A side lower berth is defected. A3-45 .Not good for sleep,Maintenance,,,,1,1,12494.0,,2018-02-24T05:59:18
711,had booked tatkal ticket when system shows 35 tickets available but when I booked ticket it shows TQWL/20 AND TQWL/21.  PNR NO :- 8202749466  KINDLY ADVICE FOR FURTHER ACTIONS REQUIRED #PNR,Commercial,,,,1,0,,8202749466.0,2018-02-24T05:58:23
712,Does Indian Railways have any value for train u choose?... Booked Tejas Express for Karambali... Receding Ratnagiri at 10.45am..Janshatabdi from Mumbai also reached Ratnagiri at 11am..Shocking that Janshatabdi is given a green signal at 11.15am. SHAME.,Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T05:52:18
713,"for e ticket refund , shows money refunded but not reflected in bank account ,phone numbers of helpline not reachable,e mail is not answered ....what to do now????? refund ID are100000218318907& 100000218100769",Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T05:52:14
714,sir I m travelling in train no.22947 on pnr no8424914011 and at udhana station now Mr Mukesh Kumar is saying that he is TE and not showing his I'd card he is misbehaving with me,Security,,,,1,1,22947.0,,2018-02-24T05:16:35
715,advertising happening in connivance with TTE in shatabdi express 12002 on 24th Feb.,Misc,,,,1,1,12002.0,,2018-02-24T05:08:19
716,Sir plz plz plz understand our problem...gv us cnfrm ticket as we can trvl at Varanasi.,Operations,,,short form,1,1,,,2018-02-24T04:59:26
717,no water in s3 coach train no 02731 matter also with,Maintenance,,,,1,1,2731.0,,2018-02-24T04:12:08
718,There is no tap water in the coach A1 of train 19325. The coach is also not cleaned Kindly check.,Maintenance,,,,1,1,19325.0,,2018-02-24T03:55:34
719,This is been really a hopeless journey from uttar s kranti train no. 12445 .. There has been a major bubbling in the train coach of second AC A1,Operations,,,,1,1,12445.0,,2018-02-24T03:46:35
720,"Sir kindly see the recurment process of Guwahati borad cen3/2015 it is almost 3yr still no joining of TA qualified candidate,apart they just add exam which was not mentioned in recurment notice.",Misc,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T03:05:59
721,"me passenger ko itna ganda Khana milta hai ki jise Kutta bhi na khaye, aur Paisa bhi muh manga chaiye hota hai inko. Kyu ki isme sabka hissa hota hai, jaise ki RPF",Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T02:59:12
722,"secret *India railway accident fault rectification and solution is as follows* *because on seeing with eyes by the train driver the front view of front of train engine another goods train or passenger train or dead-end closed track signal red driver sudden brakes,throws bogiesout",Operations,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-24T02:33:53
723,"64563 passenger from Ambala Cantt to Chandigarh never run on time. Hundreds of private and government sector employees are commuting on this train to perform their duties. But due to late running of this train , their job are on stake. Pl. Do needful.",Operations,,,,1,0,64563.0,,2018-02-24T02:19:32
724,travelling from NDLS to Mathura in Taj Express (Coach D14). Approx 100s of general passengers came into the coach and the passengers who are having proper tickets of the train are facing issues. My PNR: 2142834405,Maintenance,,,,1,1,,2142834405.0,2018-02-24T02:03:42
725,I am travelling to Gorakhpur in Humsafar PNR - 2604737893. Its schedule time to reach Gorakhpur is 7.50am. My next train from Gorakhpur to Muzaffarpur in Train no. 12554 at 9.10hrs which I may miss due to its above 2hrs delay. Plz help.,Operations,,,,1,1,12554.0,2604737893.0,2018-02-24T00:19:59
726,I think the servise of Indian railway is going very poor day by day. Train is not running on time.. govt and department is very careless about the timing of train train-12394 is running very late today,Operations,,,,1,0,12394.0,,2018-02-23T23:49:45
727,I am travelling to Gorakhpur in Humsafar Express (PNR - 2604737893). Its schedule time to reach Gorakhpur is 7.50am. My next train from Gorakhpur to Muzaffarpur in Train no. 12554 at 9.10hrs which I may miss due to its above 2hrs delay. Plz help.,Operations,,,,1,0,12554.0,2604737893.0,2018-02-23T21:48:17
728,YOU MIGHT BE SLEEPING RIGHTNOW COMFORTABLY. BUT JUST LOOK WHAT THE HELL COMMON PEOPLE HAS TO FACE.  THIS TRAIN 15622 IS MORE THAN 8 HOURS DELAYED FROM SOURCE STATION. #PATHETICINDIANRAILWAYS,Operations,,,,1,0,15622.0,,2018-02-23T21:10:59
729,Sir one more tap is dysfunctional at LJN PF1. Please get it repaired.,Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-23T19:31:28
730,"Sir, the water tap is dysfunctional at LJN PF 1. Please get it fixed, the water is getting wasted.",Maintenance,,,,1,0,,,2018-02-23T19:29:26